absolutely good app compare to Foobot.Great that it comes with its own CO2 sensorMy greatest worry is VOC and Awair support can't tell me what exactly is the sensor detecting.  This really bugs me.  You may want to read my review on Foobot
Used it in the bedroom to help identify air impurities.  Setup via bluetooth and wifi took some work because of android platform but was able to get resolved.  definitely helps when you know whats in the air beyond what you can see.  Is it perfect? for 200 bones its about as good as its going to get without calling in professional air monitoring companies.
I recently acquired this device after wondering about the quality of the air my family was breathing. We use a HEPA air filter and I change the HVAC filters monthly. However, I was always curious if this was adequate preventative measures for the air my family breathes. Not until we purchased an Awair was I able to see the impact these efforts had on the quality of air we breath. I was also able to identify what caused a drop in air quality: whether from cooking, too much heat, too much cleaning solutions etc. Now we have a visual reference and a constant reminder to think about the quality of air we breath. We typically move it to different rooms as well to see if there are any issues in these spaces as well. A great product that make my family "awair" of the air we breath.
Love this device. It does an excellent job monitoring air quality. It looks good, and was super easy to setup. I haven’t had any connectivity issues with the Awair, and the few questions i did have the support team took care of.I just wish Awair had HomeKit integration.
The physical unit itself looks great, is super light. and easy to read.  No complaints about the hardware, however the software is a whole other store.  The App is a little difficult to setup with an android phone (not much of a problem with iOS) and has limited functionality.  Wish they would add the ability for more than one phone to get readings from the unit as well as a way to see air quality/weather from the local area in comparison to the room.  Improvements could be made to the software.
So far so good.  The unit is dead on when it comes to temp and humidity.  I just got my air cleaner in the mail today so I can’t review VOC’s and if carbon lowers the number.  The reason why I got this unit over the smaller plug is dust.  Dust was one of my allergies and my unit says it’s high in my house.  I have dusted, vacuumed, and wiped the hard wood floors but my unit always says my house is dusty.  Best thing about this unit is the looks and the overall number it gives as an average of air quality.  My kids already want the unit in their room since it glows so bright and is a gadget.
I use the Awair in my office and can definitely say it’s prompted me to act on a number of days now to clean up the air. Finding that opening a window and lowering the CO2 level especially helps me with focus - so easy to forget to recirculate the air, especially when it starts getting cold outside. Also integrated well with my Nest thermostat so now the HVAC auto circulated the air every time dust levels increase. Good buy for sure.
I've been extremely happy with the awair so far. It seems to be quite accurate at least with tempura ture and humidity. It's helped me identify things that are lowering the air quality in my home
In general, this air sensor works great, but if you have one of those mesh WiFi network, your Awair might disconnect from the network once in awhile as it only connects to the 2.4Ghz channel.It does tracks and give you graphs of different data such as dust level and chemical level readings.
The device looks really nice, classy. The app is also nicely designed and has a decent history function. However, I found that the information provided didn't change enough from day to day to be worth the huge amount of money. In particular, the score wasn't very useful and the individual bars could use with some ability to customize the thresholds more.We returned it after using for a couple weeks and not really paying much attention.(We also received a previously returned unit despite it being advertised as new. The stickers were peeled off already and we had to reset the Wifi to get it to connect, so obviously the warehouse didn't even bother checking...)
$200? Don't do it. After a few days, the VOC readings are ROCKETED way off the charts. It doesn't matter what room it's in.  (VOC level is the fourth column of dots in the pic).I've tried other monitors to confirm VOCs and every other monitor is low.  Low issues.  It's defective for sure.Therefore the Awair Score is always skewed.  It essentially a retro LED clock now, for $200. :(
I've been totally happy with my Blipcare blood pressure monitor.  It was easy to set up and is easy to use.  The reports are well presented.  All in all, it's worked flawlessly.
Disconnected from Wifi at times and it doesn't remember any of the settings you had. Extremely annoying to have to start from scratch every time you get a wifi drop. If they fix it so that Wifi can go on and off then I would give it 5 stars, the interface is nice.
WORK ON A SINGLE DAY
Despite having all the necessary hardware in place, it refuses to show you any data without first building a profile on who you are, where you live, connecting to your phone, connecting to their app, then connecting to your wifi network. It had issues trying to connect to my wifi and the bluetooth is now inoperable with the new Oreo update, so the convoluted setup process has made the device completely unusable on my end.I'm sure it'll eventually get fixed and start working so I can update this, but I'm honestly baffled by the poor setup design. There's merits in allowing it to connect to other devices, but making it compulsory is a bit excessive. I have a lot of measurement tools, but this is the only one I've ever seen that requires so much personal info and effort just to convince it to show you the readings its taking. Imagine if a digital thermometer required all this before it'd tell you the temperature of anything. Its just absurd.
very pleased. provides good insight into room status. easily see when we get up and make bed = dust level increased...still in safe zone///when take shower and use hair spray, etc = chemical level goes up///when we are in room going to bed = CO2 rises. kind of neat to observe different trends.  even detected cooking of bacon downstairs and chemistry shot up.reccomended to my son's family who have allergies plus smart home features covering everything else.
Update: The Awair customer service contacted me and took back the device for calibration. Now the dust number back to normal. I appreciate their prompt customer service.I purchased the unit in February 2017, and in only 6 months ((August) usage, the unit seemed to break. The dust number suddenly elevated from 4 to 250.  I have been super sensitive to the air quality and did not sense any changes in the air. Then I reset the unit many times. No use. I even used different good air purifiers in the same room. The indicator on the air purifier showed great air quality but this Awair dust still showed 250.  My husband and I finally got the conclusion: the Awair in our room did not work right!
Expensive and the particlate sensor seems to get stuck reading high values. I already returned one with the same issue, placing the old one and the new one next to each other and had extremely different readings. I attempted to clean the sensor using the awair recommended process with no improvement. I will update my review if my experience changes but so far, it was a waste of money.
Works as advertised. Quite sensitive.
Great solution for monitoring the air in your home and providing suggestions and automation for optimizing air quality. I have 2 of the original Awair devices and 1 of their smaller Glow devices set up in different rooms, optimizing conditions for sleep in my bedroom, productivity in my office and allergies in my living room. Feel like I have a more productive and healthy life because of them.
As a check on something you can't see or monitor without investing thousands of dollars in industrial-grade monitoring, this unit is perfect.  Setup to WiFi was easy, no software problems yet.  Outdoor air VOCs are usually 175 ppb but indoor air is a problem, going over 600 ppb unless we open the windows.  It's really sensitive to isopropanol, acetone and I think ethylene gas from fruit.  If the seal to your attached garage is not perfect, gas and paint and other hydrocarbon fumes can be sucked into the home's envelope through the door seal raising the reading.  It's really helping us narrow down the VOC source, just haven't quite found all of the sources.  May have to live with some of it because "organic" cleaning products I've found really don't work, some even smell hideous themselves.The CO2 sensor is accurate and the graphing feature demonstrates how higher occupancy and/or overnight levels rise until you open up in the morning.  Most of all the Particulate Matter or Dust sensor is very sensitive allowing us to see what cleaning and a/c filtration schedules are the most productive.  Upstairs runs 0.3 micrograms/cubic meter, downstairs 0.6 on average.  Walk across the carpet and watch it spike as dust is released into the air.  It works.Temperature and especially humidity tracking are important in dust mite and mold control as lower humidity (below 50%) inhibits mites and mold growth.Units like this should be incorporated into HVAC systems, it really is essential data.
Loving the Awair. It's stylish, easy to hook up, and useful.We've now got more confidence in our air quality, and received some useful tips. We always wondered if opening our windows would improve the air  (more flow?) quality or degrade it (more dust?). We now know open = better (at least at this time of year).Awair saved us hundreds - if not thousands - of dollars in air purifiers by giving us confidence that our air quality is quite good (87 - 92) most of the time. Thanks!
Purchased this the other week and checking it mostly after waking up to figure out how the bedroom environment is at night. Learned a lot of things from the report and have taken some actions to adjust as a result. I was using another brand device previously to this, which was pretty good for VOCs but it broke. However after using this device and linking to Alexa and nest, it is fantastic. I ended up buying two awair glows to place in the living room and kitchen area just to get a sense of what's happening there too (did not need dust report and was looking for compact). Working out just nicely. Looking for new versions as i think they can definitely improve with software but these certainly do what I expected! Great purchase.
Une vraie petite merveille!
I bought the Awair in 2015. Since then, I became aware of my air. I am amazed at how much actionable information I can get on the air my family and I breathe. It could be as simple as open the window because CO2 levels are high, or vacuum because the dust level is rising. I cannot imagine my house without proper air quality monitoring and Awair does that beautifully.As a side, my unit had a problem 1.5 years past the warranty. I wrote to them about the problem and they replaced it without any cost and with free shipping. I am sold.
We bought two of these systems, one for each of our houses.  I was pleasantly surprised at how well this apparatus detects air quality.  It immediately picked up airborne cleaning chemicals I was using in the kitchen all the way in the bedroom, which is about 50 feet away.  It has made us aware of how unhealthy these cleaning chemicals are, because we are breathing that same air.  It has also been very helpful at keeping us informed of whether or not we have a problem with our HVAC system, because it shows increases in temperature and humidity in our Florida home when we are at our SC home and vice versa.  I highly recommend these AWAIR products!
It's great to be able to see real data about the indoor air situation in much more detail than most sensors on air filters show. I'm becoming a bit obsessed with looking at the app to see how I'm doing. Also love the retro wood look and feel of the device that fits in nicely with home decor. Glad to have bought this!
Awair is great for letting you know when air quality is changing.  I wish it would let you know what chemicals specifically are found in air.  But overall very helpful to see what is in your air!
could be more datailed by chemicals...
I have two units and both of them need to be reset every 3-4 days.  I love the design but does not work seem less like one would expect ..
Recently I purchased an Awair, it's the best thing a person can do to monitor, control, and improve the air quality of there environment. It's extremely accurate and easy to use. Wow what a great experience nowing I am safe and healthy breathing healthy air.
It's great to know what's the quality of the air we breathe everyday.
I had this shipped internationally after reading the reviews, and was frustrated and disappointed that I can't use it on the wireless network in my office because it won't allow itself to be configured with a login and password.  The Awair response was to ask your IT people to make an exception -  I don't think they've ever worked in a large organisation!I think the advertising should be more clear about this limitation.  I now have a $200 paperweight, or I can take it home, which is not why I bought it.
Constant connectivity issues make this device almost unusable. Awair doesn't show any readings unless it's connected to WiFi and connected to the Awair servers-- which are unreliable & seem to always be down. A real bummer. I wish they had a page showing service status or a more realistic method of diagnosing connectivity issues besides their antiquated & condescending  "unplug & re-plug device and/or router."The first day I got this device I thought I had a nicely designed brick on my hands because it wouldn't connect or show any readings. It then magically connected the next day (with zero intervention on my part) after I had seriously considered returning the device.How Awair can make this a better product:1. Device should have an OFFLINE mode for those concerned with privacy and/or have Internet availability issues.2. A status page that displays the health of Awair servers in real-time.3. A realistic way of troubleshooting connectivity issues.4. Friendlier packaging.5. Keep us informed.I wanted to love this product, and it's nice when it actually works, but the above issues leave a lot to be desired. Be aware.
Really awesome and informative product. Would have a much higher star rating if it would just stay connected to my Wi-Fi. Constantly having to unplug it and reset it.
Awesome product!!
I purchased the device over 3 months ago, to keep an eye on air quality (specially TVOC).During the first month readings were normal (300-400 ppb range) for VOC. They jumped overnight to the 1500-2000 ppb range, causing us to worry about any outside or inside factor affecting the air quality.It caused so much concern, that we got a dedicated total VOC reader to confirm the high readings. The dedicated and more accurate device confirmed the tVOC levels were within normal values (200-350 ppb range) and confirming the AWAIR sensor has gone bad after only a month...Based on this experience, I wouldn't recommend the device at all.
Virtually impossible to pair with an Android phone. I have tried for days with my 2 Android's with no luck. Finally can only use it with my iPad. Very frustrating. Customer service very friendly, but unable to resolve apparently... I do like the device however.
The app crashes every single time I try to set up my device. Can't use this expensive piece of technology because they made it dependent on an app, and that app is of horrific quality.
I really like this device. I was surprised when it arrived, and it was just a little wooden rectangle. The display is pretty good at adjusting for all light conditions so it's always easy to read. I leave mine set to display time and use the knock feature to access the air reading. The phone app offers pretty good historical graphs too. It's ability to monitor the air seems spot on. In just a few weeks of owning the Awair, It's helped me discover things I wouldn't have guessed to be a problem. I'd recommend it to anyone curious about what's going on with their air.
Didn't even know I had a humidity problem, or at least didn't know it is as high as it is. Loving it so far and looking forward to figuring out some more insights from my data.
I suffer from cold and was not a smoker.  Also acquired neuromyotonia as a result of coccidioidmycosis (valley fever).  Monitoring the air quality is extremely helpful in reducing my lung symptoms.
Between living in NYC and expecting a baby, we wanted to get a better sense of the quality of air in our apartment. Awair was the perfect little device for us. It is easy to set-up and gives you constant feedback on your home environment. It certainly has provided us piece of mind and a sense of control over something that was so nebulous.Also brownie points for providing a utilitarian tool that also looks so damn good.
Helps me keep the air in my bedroom and kitchen clean as a whistle! I love the helpful push notifications to my phone when something needs my attention.
Worked well initially but now the humidity measurements are consistently incorrect on the higher side. Seems to show very high humidity even with air conditioning on
This has become my favorite gadget. Not sure about the measurement accuracy because the readings don't perfectly match with my other sensors but certainly a great device to look at relative changes of multiple parameters. It's pretty sensitive to air quality changes, and fun to watch them on the app throughout the day!
Very cool devise. I didn't confirmall the reading like the other scientist/customers but this seems to read consistently. Not a lot you can do anout some readings, but my quality good enough for me NOT TO BUY an air purifyer. No need. No problems connecting as others have had. Must have fixed those issues
I shall say this is a great concept. I love to monitor the indoor air quality in my house, even I don't have asthma.1. The most useful data is VOC. as the rest, temp, humidity can be detected using other much cheaper device; CO2 level is good to know, but not that useful.2. The most useless data is VOC, as it's highly variable/not reliable. The first week it varied from 400-600, but starting the 2nd week it varied from 1000-1500. I got a replacement, and before sending the 1st one back, I checked them side by side, and the reading can be 2-3 folds difference. After 2 weeks, the 2nd device started to drift higher and higher again. My house is about 9 years old, and the furniture is 3 years old. I cannot think anyway the VOC above 1000 ppb constantly, and no symptom of respiratory issue at all.3. Data variance. I had 2 devices comparing side by side. Temp/humidity/CO2 numbers are very similar. VOC about 2-3 folds difference, Dust can be 3-6 times difference. Hence I don't think the reading being very reliable.This is really a good concept and I love it. But at current stage, as the reading is not very reliable, hence I have to return it, and hope company can improve the product and I will then purchase it again.And this device can certainly worsen the OCD symptom, be aware.
It is OK product but it cannot justify its price tag. Sometimes it gives you false warnings even if there has been no movement or no action in the space, giving a doubt about its accuracy. Also this product suffers from connectivity issues. It keeps disconnecting from multiple iPhone (mine and others). You would probably better off paying 1/5 and get an equal quality product.
i like the fact that it works i just dont like how its dependent on a connection to function.. i would pay more and rate this product better if it just had a plug in mode AND a battery operated mode(if there is no power available) to tell the air quality without the need to connect to a network and Bluetooth.i think that would truly make the device "smarter"
Easy to set up, easy to use. It gives us great information and has directly led to us making changes in our environment
Because I'm living in the downtown and just by the street, I wanted to know how air quality of my room is. After some home works on the Internet, I found out Awair has average accuracy, and I like its design! The dust and CO2 are most important things I care about, I don't want my room filled up with dust, and CO2 can decrease my brain functioning which also makes me dizzy.I think this is a very good product with beautiful design and little pricey, but similar products are pricey too. It's not must have but very good to have it in your room or home, especially for kids.Pros:Nice lookingHas sleeping mode (auto shut off led)Can use as a digital clock or knock knock to switch modesEasy setup with AppThe App is easy to use and user-friendlyWork with IFTTTNeed to improve:The trends history only records 5 days data...Better give those numbers more meaning for the people like me who doesn't have pro knowledge of various indexes. Otherwise, you need to search the Internet to figure out how those numbers affect health.
I have only had my awair for a week or so, but so far I am very happy with the purchase. The information is very helpful, and the app is not constantly sending unnecessary messages.
I've been using the Awair device for some time and it was a big help letting me know how my air quality was in my new house.  With the Awair device, I was able to know when the pollutants from my new furniture and flooring were getting high so I could open some windows and get fresh air.  I need to do this every few days, but its nice to have a tool that provides such and easy way to know when fresh air is needed in the house.  I did have a bit of trouble when I broke the plug in adapter, but the support group engaged and sent out a replacement immediately.  I will most likely purchase another one of these in the future for other rooms.
I knew something was up with my air when my son and I both were having breathing problems night after night. Bought this thing hoping to get some insight as to what the issue may be. I found a nice open spot for it, plugged it in, and eagerly waited.After a day or so to acclimate, the air monitor said my air was very humid, but otherwise in excellent shape. Highest ratings were around 90-95. Our breathing problems persisted so I called a mold inspector out. An air quality sample showed we had TOXIC LEVELS OF MOLD IN THE AIR. We had to vacate our home and begin remediation.I realize this thing isn't designed to detect mold, but holy cow according to it we had "excellent" air quality. For my particular issue this was a complete waste of money.
I've been working with a professional air quality management company to improve the air quality in my home. They used top-tier professional equipment (GrayWolf's AdvancedSense multi-gas meters along with three TG-501 probes attached to it) to measure the air quality in my home. I have compared these results to those of four separate Awair units that I own. I bought these Awair units three months ago and have been closely monitoring these readings several times daily since that time. Overall, I have been pleased with these units and have found them reasonably accurate. As a test, I bound two of these units together, creating essentially one hole through which the air must pass. The readings were almost identical in all categories. This has further increased my confidence in this product. For some weeks, I was experiencing the wifi dropping for each unit, requiring me to unplug and replug it, but that issue has stopped, leading me to believe it was probably an issue with my router, and not with the device itself. I am giving this unit 5 stars because for the price it is excellent value, and I would like to encourage the manufacturer to continue to innovate on it. Nice work, guys!
Pro: beautiful design, accurate CO2, particle, temperature, humidity monitorCon: does not support 5ghz WiFi, hard to setup
A little background:  I am a mother of a beautiful 9 month old baby girl named Ella.  My boyfriend and I live in a small one bedroom apartment just outside of Portland, Maine.  For years, I have been trying to convince my boyfriend to quit smoking.  I thought the birth of our girl would be the motivation he needed to change his ways and finally end his disgusting habit.  After Ella was born, he completely stopped smoking in the house or car(which is a great start), but continued to smoke outside.  I could not find a way to convince him that he was still affecting the air that Ella breathes every day.That is when I decided to try the Awair.  I thought if he could see improvement in air quality on days where he didn't smoke, he would realize the impact of what he was doing.  AND IT WORKED!  He has not touched a cancer stick in 6 months!  He loves the Awair and is obsessed with improving the score of the air in our house.  If I am home with Ella and he gets an update of a rise in C02 he will text me and tell me to open a window.  I am so happy to find a product that has changed our lives for the better.THANK YOU AWAIR!
Very good device, above expectations, love it.
Great product when it works. Unfortunately, if you have wireless internet at 5ghz then you will be sadly disappointed.  Awair, per their customer service, can only connect to 2.4ghz.  My 3 Awairs are up for a short period of time then need to be reset. To be clear I run Eero for my wireless internet.  The two stars is for its potential.
Just as advertised.  Amazingly sensitive (records changes in a few seconds.). I use it with the iPhone App. Provides current levels and nice trend over time information as well.  Interesting to move it around the home and explore the differnces between rooms.  Finally convinced me to move all sorts of VOC producers out of the house.
Works exactly as advertised. Very nice looking and well built tool, small too!
Great product.  We recently had to use some fairy harsh chemicals to clean out a room in our home and the Awair was able to help us pinpoint where in the house we needed to clean the air and the rooms that were safer to sleep in.  We also have a Nest Thermostat and the integration between the two is great.
This is a great product.  Easy setup and connects well with my iPhone.  It's nice having the piece of mind that my air is good.
The idea is great and the sensor is helpful; my only concern is that the tips for fixing poor air quality are mostly repetitive (ventilate). Which makes sense, but it might be nice to have more of an understanding of what is causing a flux in air quality. For a basic machine, its great, easy to use and attractive.
At first I didn't like it because I couldn't get it connected to the Wi-Fi.  After I emailed them I promptly got a response and had worked it out.  It's cool how it connects to my Nest and turns on if the air when it is out of the parameters that I set. I love this product and the customer service.
Great concept but couldn't pick up wi-fi in the bedroom next to the room the wi-fi modem was in so it doesn't work. It would be great if this worked without internet connection and if you wanted details you have to connect via blue tooth on your mobile.
Very disappointing that it will not function without an Internet connection. And if it has trouble connecting to your network it can not be used at all. I did not think this would be much of an issue until I bought my second one. The first (now remote) one had stopped being visible, not sure what happened to it. And the the second new one would not work with my wifi system (it won't work with 5Ghz, but it also didn't seem to work with one of my older 2.4Ghz Apple wifi systems). Unlike other systems, it won't operate at all under this circumstance. This is particularly frustrating since it seems unnecessary.
Very much disappointed.Yes, it looks pretty, but it works awfully, I am saying the connectivity with my IOS devices. Does it ever work? Well, sometimes. Most of the time it shows "disconnected."Give me a reason how I could trust the accuracy of this device if it approved that not working even stable for such an essential function?
Absolutely fantastic device that has provided guidance to possible issues that has resided in our home. So much so, I ended up purchasing two of them (one upstairs and one downstairs).  I had noticed elevated chemicals (VOCs) and particles in our home that was eventually attributed to our central air and HVAC system that was negatively affecting us. The challenge I have with the product, was that the provided information is very general in nature and that it is tied to a very limited set of other IoT products.  The company is absolutely amazing and super responsive to inquiry's and suggestions to their product and I highly suggest owning at least one of these as the information that it provides may be a direction as to how your home may or may not be affecting you and your family.
The best air quality meter I have used so far, really love how it operates, looks and the app.But downside for IFTTT users is that they don't allow you to choose the thresholds for variables.  For instance you can only turn on a device if the temp is at 75F, 79F etc.  I'm wanting 73F to turn on our evaporative cooler otherwise our house is too hot.
It worked well for a month, then I think the voc sensor went bad.  It always shows above 1660. I've tried resetting it and even changing rooms... It's a waste of money. I am not sure whether I can return it or get a replacement.
I've been concerned with air quality after living in an apartment that wasn't built properly and was putting old construction materials in the air, making me sick unknowingly for a year. Anyways I've moved to a new place and have 2 high quality hepa filters and life is good. I liked the looks of this air quality reader and it seemed to be accurate enough so I gave it a shot. After having it for a few weeks I love this thing. As I said it's very good looking and I could use all the help I can get in my bachelor apartment. Also I find it to be very sensitive. Turn on the overhead fan, and the dust monitor will kick up. Open the window and my CO2 will go down. The inside halls of my apartment were being painted and my front door vents (I'm assuming on purpose) a lot of air, and my chemical sensor on this unit kicked up a few hundred points. I feel confident knowing that if there is something wrong in my air, I will now know about it. Instead of just living through it unaware.
I wish they would provide more information about the VOCs. Mine are elevated and I can't figure out why. The other indicators seem to fluctuate as expected (temperature, humidity, dust increasing when the HVAC system turns on and stirs up dust). But the VOCs are continuously high, despite my moving the device to different locations. What's more, it's hard to tell from the documentation (print and online) what threshold is considered dangerous. I have hope that they will continue to enhance this product via the iOS app, but for now, I am disappointed that I cannot figure out a way to tell why my VOCs are elevated.
I like it, but I would love to have it integrated with Samsung smartthings.
Buy this...
It's awesome! I live in Las Vegas and have recently turned my habitual obsessing to air quality. This unit has been a great tool in cluing me into what adjustments need to be made. I recently added a humidifier because the Awair had me failing in that area and It has been fun to keep an eye on the events/changes that affect my score. For example burning food in the kitchen increases the dust levels. I'm hoping maintaining healthy air quality will help with the wide range of allergies and health issues between my fiance, myself and the 2 cats and 2 dogs.Update: I've since purchased a hepa filter and have been working to seal my drafty windows. The Awair has noticed things like the silicon caulking applied and warns of high VOCs for a week+. Very interesting these chemicals are just lingering for so long.
Measurements jump around quite a bit, but it seems fairly accurate. Design is great but I wish the app let you save or output historic data, or view longterm trends, not just scroll through each day. Also the smart devices and IFTTT integration is still pretty limited but that will change.UpdateAfter a month or so of use and an app update it is giving better notifications. I got IFTTT set up with a wemo plug to turn on an air purifier and it was pretty easy.  I also got a really great response from their customer service responding to my feedback on the product so I'm very happy with the response and future development of the platform.
Great for 2 months. then won't connect. I have reset it 50 times still no luck just says try again or will just go on for ever trying to connect .. $200 for it to last  2 months  pretty good bargain NOT!
I bought this device almost 2 weeks ago. We are concerned about our indoor quality air, considering we are living in a polluted city. Also we have been struggling with humidity and mold in the last months. At the beginning the monitor was working fine, the readings of the sensors made sense to me (considering I noticed a little difference on humidity and temperature with other sensors I own), and I was aware that sensors of the monitor have a calibration period, but lately the VOC sensor is up high, I bought an air purifier with hepa filter and uv voc cleaner, and nothing happened. Last couple days the monitor is saying I'm breathing really bad air. I already submitted a request for possible solutions, I'm waiting for awair staff reply. I was very happy, right now I'm between concerned and disappointed.
Has ridiculous WiFi password restrictions. I had to setup a dedicated VLAN just so I wouldn't have to shorten my WiFi password and reconnect some 50 devices to my network.There's no way to aggregate data across more than one day. All you get is real time information and a single graph per day. You have to scroll to get to different days and there's no way to compare. So if you implement one of their EXTREMELY limited air quality suggestions (most are just plants or cleaning), there's no way to look over a time period to see if it actually made a difference.
As a father, I wanted to give my little 80-day baby a right to breath clean and pure air. It lead to me buy air purifiers but I could not the real status of the air condition indoor. Therefore, I tried to find a device to monitor air condition and then found the AWAIR! After bought it, I can check the air especially in terms of temperature, humidity,VOCs, CO2 and fine dust. It is really good to recognize 5 factors above and it helps to let me know whether ventilation or not in the house. I definitely recommend this product for someone who really care about the air conditions.I've got excellent experience.
Rather awesome little device. It helped determine if co2 levels were rising in the bedroom at night, and they were! Gave it access to the nest and now it kicks on the fan automatically throughout the night.
This has really helped us be 'awair' of what is going on in our house. We have started opening up windows more and more to keep fresh air moving throughout our house.
good measurements allowed me to do what was needed to improve air quality in my home. Everyone notices the difference!
This little device is amazing...when it works. I was in love with everything about it for the first two days - design and function especially. Unfortunalty it has not been able to hold a wifi connection for the past few days - it is definitely not our router - and everything we've tried (following the company troubleshooting tips) has not worked to fix the problem. We contacted customer service and have not heard back. So although I want to love this handy, stylish device that educates people on healthy indoor air, until the wifi issue is addressed I just can't recommend it.
I think this is a great device and I can't deny that I was totally intrigued with it for a few weeks. Even contemplated buying a few more for the rest of the house, but ultimately stopped myself before dropping the $500.I think this is a fun gadget at the end of the day. I'm sure neurotic people or air-sensitive people will live and die by this device, but for the rest of us, it become a mild curiosity eventually.  I bought a few plants, opened the windows a little more, but at the end of the day, I stopped paying attention to it.The fact that Awair thinks 76 is a comfortable temperature for a room does nothing for me. Why is this factored into the score?Humidity?  What am I to do about that?The dust, VOCs, and chemicals were all interesting, but I found that opening m windows made these readings worse.This is a fun tool. Looks great and provides some useful information, but at the end of the day, back to life.
Great product and very interesting.
This thing makes a fantastic bedside clock and handily delivers on the promises of ease of use around the air quality side of things.  Beautifully designed and it just works.  One word of advice - switch to clock mode - when in that mode it's the most useful.
Purchased two. One came used for some reason even though I bought new (no plastic packaging, no paper covers on both sides) didn't even try it. Brand new one started losing WiFi signal all the time after two days. Router is pretty good, so it's not it's fault. It needs new firmware that will be reconnecting it without unplugging all the time, even after that won't hold the signal. App is good and helpful, sensors are good, but with current issues there is no use to it whatsoever since all you'll see is gray status in your app and it doesn't collect data while it's disconnected...Update: Bitfinder customer service is the best one I've seen so far. They stay behind their product like no other. Definitely contact them if you received unwrapped one or if you have any issues. They'll do their best. Respect.
I recently purchased this product, a Foobot, and an AirVisual node.  Each product has its strengths and weaknesses.  In evaluating these I also used my Dylos Pro and a borrowed IQ Air particle detector.Awair's sensors seem the least reactive of the 3 products, after having tried all 3 in the same location.  It's impossible to talk concretely about which product is more accurate since even much more expensive products measure differently and give different results in seemingly the same situations.  I believe the Awair is underestimating PM2.5 and that the Foobot is overestimating CO2.The Awair software is very incomplete.  You can program it (through IFTTT) to turn your fans on when the air is dirty, but you can't program it to turn the fans off when the air has cleared up.  The Foobot is slightly ahead of Awair in this regard, but also needs a lot of improvements in its software.The manufacturer recommends you place this device at face height, but the cord isn't long enough to reach an outlet near the floor if you do.  This is really horrible design.It has a nice feature meant to turn the display off when you have turned off all your lights at night.  Unusable since it's not adjustable and turns off the second the sun gets low unless you shine a light directly on it.It is silent, as is the Foobot and, in my opinion, very nice looking.  It seems to stay connected to wifi better than Foobot, which has occasional problems with that.
I wasnt 100% sure if I needed this product, but after a few days I'm really glad I purchased it.I'm an allergy sufferer and also a tech geek (go figure), so this product seemed like a perfect addition to my smart home as it connects to my Nest devices as well as my Echo/Alexa. Few highlights:Pro:- Setup process was super easier and intuitive.- Loved all the options the app gives to improve and monitor your home life such as productivity, sleep, general wellness and more!- Really sleek design, fits right into the aesthetic of my room.- Basic, but its also a really nice clock!- I like that they made the environmentally friendly choice of using all paper packaging! Kudos!Con:- I hope the tips section is built out a little more and includes custom recommendations based on your homes air quality.Overall really happy with my purchase, and the peace of mind that I was given knowing my air quality is currently in good shape. Excited to see what additional software features get added overtime!
Super easy to use, comes well calibrated (I've compared measurements inside/outside against known values of CO2, humidity, temp). I now know why I'm waking up to headaches every morning - my CO2 levels were super high. It's elegant looking, and does a great job blending in.
Does what it says it can do. Quite sensitive to room air changes. Added another air purifier to improve air quality. It shows in the improved readings. Happy with this product.
I really like this -- but I'm super frustrated at how often it loses its wifi connection. I've had it about 4 months, but it may be getting returned soon. At this point it loses its connection on an almost daily basis, just feet from the wifi AP with a plenty strong signal.
I'm very pleased with my Awair, the readings do show variations quite accurately and it's interesting seeing the graphs on the app which can indicate changes in activity. The app is also useful for various interesting hints and tips. The device itself has a really cool retro look and fits in really nicely with other decor in the house. Product support has also been great.
Couldn't be more delighted with a product! The first day I bought it, it read 94 (good) all day long, and I thought oh no what a waste of money. It's rubbish. Then later on that evening it dropped to 49 and give a warning that the air-quality was especially bad for allergies. It seems that I've been creating the worst possible environment before bed - that is, cleaning late at night and making my bed which sends dust flying everywhere. I'm so glad I bought this machine. So easy to use and now I know exactly what I'm not gonna be doing from now on at night.
It just arrived and was so easy to set up.  Took about 2 min.  The app is very easy to use and is self explanatory.  The only measure that I can test against is the humidity reading which matches the humidity reading on another monitor I have.  Will update if any changes in my opinion.
So far 10 degrees off on temp and 9 degrees off on humidity, will give it another 24 hours but not looking good.
Im really liking my Awair unit.  It measures temperature, humidity, co2, chemicals, dust.  I notice that i am highly impacted by humidity, co2, voc.  I thought i was havong issues w dust!  But i have very little dust.  The unit has some curious fluctuations that i havent figured out yet.  Wish it measured molds and radon as well.  My unit shows im in 90s but didnt capture other issues in my home environment.
Awair is a user-friendly and aesthetically pleasing addition to my living space, especially in comparison to its competitors. It integrates with other common apps (e.g. Nest) and therefore potentially supports third-party functions with this unit alone (e.g. turn on/off humidifier according to predetermined conditions via the app) and what's more, their customer service is fast, helpful and reliable. I initially had an issue with shipping but their department remediated that issue as fast as they were professional about it. I have already recommended Awair to friends and family and certainly hope to purchase again from this company in the future, especially since the Awair Glow appears to be a novel device that can directly facilitate the turn on/off function for complementary devices like my humidifier, space heater and air purifier.
Pretty cool device. I have the Awair glow. It's been really interesting to see how the air quality in my apartment changes throughout the day and ways that I can make it better. Especially since i suffer from allergies.
Great product easy to use and setup, it's connected to my Nest Thermostat and it activate the fan automatically when it's needed.
This is a great piece of equipment for monitoring your indoor environment.  Set up was easy and without clenched teeth.  What sold me on Awair was having separate CO2 monitoring.  I have other temperature and humidity sensors and the readings correlate closely with Awair, so I have confidence in Awair's relative accuracy.  When we are cleaning, the dust level sensor will increase and the chemical sensor will jump if I am using a solvent indoors (or my wife uses a lot of bath oil), just as you would anticipate.  My wife was convinced we needed a $$$ fancy air cleaner in our new house.  Awair says our IAQ is very good!  Without data, you are just guessing.
Solid, well built product. Controls my purifier as described (on/off). Great detailed air quality report.
Great product!
My child has allergies that can lead to breathing problems, and the Awair has become an essential device in our home. It gives us realtime data on air quality, and the ability to see the impact of the changes we make (adding a humidifier, air purifier, opening a window) in easy to read graphs. It's a beautiful device—in clock mode it shows the time, and with a little knock on the case I see the Awair score.I have it linked to the Amazon Echo so that while my children sleep, I can ask Alexa how the air is in their room and get the answer I need. I can say that the Awair has led to a better quality of life, and in a way that is easy and fun.
Unreliable. Could be dangerous for a customer to use and rely on these unproven sensors to measure total chemicals and ultrafine particles. Sometimes you get what you pay for but with these low end calibrated sensors you could be getting much worse with inaccurate data that can harm you and your family.
Awair is awesome. First off, it's design is minimalist and does a great job of blending in without looking too much like a gadget. The LED screen is able to show you your current air quality score and which pollutant in particular you should be concerned about. The Green/ Yellow/Red LED helps me understand when I should open my windows up and let the breeze flow. It's been great for working from home as being holed up at home generates a lot of CO2 and awair reminds me to let the place air out.
Great product. Enabled me to understand interaction of factors that have been causing irritation.  We are getting more relief and mire sleep
Great little gadget that monitors the indoor air. It was easy to setup, and simple to use. I wish you could turn off temperature component from the overall air quality grading. Night light can be turned off to show only green/amber/red light to represent air quality, or completely turn off all lights right from the app or tapping the button on top. I am impressed by the overall simplicity of this amazing little product.
Works perfect! A lot better than Netamo and with more info options. And having it work with Glow makes it even more perfect!!!
This device is awesome, too few people are aware of the correlation between air quality and health. This device helps me keep my family and myself safe in a world filled with toxins, its stylish and everyone that see's it in my home is intrigued and wants to know how to get one!
Simple to install and easy app to learn.  Wish the outlet can act as a smart plug as well.
Good set of indoor sensors. All work well except the humidity sensor.
I purchased an AWAIR prior to a complete upgrade of my home's HVAC system.AWAIR was very useful in being able to Monitor CO2 and Dust Levels in numerous rooms.  I found that some rooms were getting to potentially unhealthy CO2 levels, and that my office had too high of a dust level.  This encouraged me to include a higher amount of ventilation throughout the house via a 200CFM Trane Fresh Effects ERV that runs for about 24 minutes/hour distributing heated outdoor air in an energy efficient manner throughout the home.After implementing the ERV ventilation, co2 concentrations dropped to healthy levels and I'm able to ensure the daily min/max co2 levels are such that I'm comfortable that I'm neither over nor under ventilating.Unfortunately, the VOC sensor started to give impossible readings within 2 months of purchase, and the dust sensor has never seemed to be reliable/accurate.  For example, placing awair outside - it complains that the outdoor air here in Coastal San Diego has a VOC of 740.  It also claims indoor VOC is ranging from 1200-2000 ppm (spiking randomly to the max level of the sensor roughly once/day).
Does work. Very happy with product.Tested in several rooms. Had problem with VOC release after painting. I highly recommend this product.
I love my Awair.  The stylish aesthetic fits right into my home decor.  Setup is quick and simple, as is checking my air quality, a glance at the device is sufficient to monitor my air. I that Awair is a silent device, there is enough pinging in my life with texts, calendar alerts and phone calls. Air quality was a concern because of my proximity to the garage, but Awair combined with the standard carbon monoxide detector provide a sense of safety and well being.  Turns out that my air quality was pretty darn good with one exception, but I purchased a plant as recommended and now all is well.  Thanks Awair.
I am now on my second one of these.  When they work they are great but have a life expectancy of about two months ( from my experience).  That averages to about $100 per month.  Needless to say I will not be buying a third one.Update2/17/17: On the date I wrote this review I was contacted by Awair customer service.  We have been going back and forth on how to fix the issue.  Finally they said they would send me a new one...still waiting for that.  One point of interest, until recently Awair would not display data if there was no internet connection or the connection to the server was lost. Awair last week sent out an update that allows the Awair to work without an Internet connection.  I now have a display on my Awair but no data uploaded and the app will not connect to the Awair.  I will update again when I get the new Awair to see if that fixes the problem.Update: 2/19/17 finally received the " new" Awair.  Initially I had exactly the same problem, however after three times of failing the setup.  I turned off the firewall and all security and then the Awair was able to finish the setup.  It should be noted that browsers and all internet functions worked properly when the firewall was up and security turned on.  Why the Awair would require me to drop all security and expose it directly to the internet to setup is unusual and needs to be addressed by Awair.  For reference I am using a new CenturyLink Technicolor C2100T.Thanks to Awair for sending me another unit and working with me on this issue.  I would give it a higher rating but ultimately it was my trial and error method that solved the problem not Awair Customer Service.Update: 2/21/17 After receiving the new one, which still did not work.  I completely dropped my firewall and the Awair started to work properly.  I turned on the firewall and started closing ports until it stopped working...definitely a port issue.  I had asked about ports before but customer service said if I had internet then it should work.  Well, no so much.  Turns out ports 8883 and 443 need to be opened.  I upper the rating from two stars to five stars, 1) because they are a startup and will have some initial problems 2) it is a very cool product when working!Update 6-20-17 Once again Awair is offlline.  The only way to get numerical readings if the device is connected to the main server which is seldom at best.  The Amazon Echo can interface and give verbal readings but again requires connection to their server.  Without the connection all you have are 5 bars of 5 leds to give a very course indication of measurements.  I have given up making this thing work.  I am a retired IT professional and if I can't get it to connect well I hope you have better luck.
Product seems grossly inaccurate.  The CO2, VOC and Dust counts are all very off from the measures of my professional equipment.  Overpriced for a artsy looking clock.
I got this as a Christmas gift and wanted to love it. Seemed like a great addition to my collection of smart home toys.Unfortunately after weeks of trying to get this thing setup I'm throwing my hands up in defeat.I've managed to get the device connected to my network and neat thermostat, but it doesn't appear to be collecting/reporting any data...
Great device, Only kind of bright for night.Is there any was to setup device to switch from dot mode to clock mode at some time, for example 6am? This will be really useful.
Update: customer service has been very good. They replaced the defective one.Bought two of these. One from my daughter and another for our bedroom. The interface and setup are quite easy and the device looks sharp. However, The reading on one of my AWair showed VOCs to be extremely high (1000+). I was obviously quite concerned. Then I put the two Awair within 2 feet of each other and the readings were still very different across all the measures. So it has really put a question in my mind if this product is actually accurate or just a nice looking box which feeds confirmation bias. I have reached out to support but no answer for about a week now. If I don't hear from them I will be returning. I don't need an almost $200 clock! I have also attached photos of the readings when the Awair were put two feet apart in the same room.
Good product. Had it for a little bit more than a month and I am pleased with the device. Temperature, Humidity, CO2, Particles sensors are accurate. I am not sure about the VOC (chemicals), it seems to follow the behavior of the CO2 sensor.
Sweet and short:I love this thing (with some minor issues).Setup:Stupid easy. Download the app, create an account, plug in the device, and pair. It's pretty hard to screw installation up (which is great).Sensors:Quite accurate and easily meet my "air at a glance" needs. The only complaint I have is the hygrometer in my unit appears to trail by a couple percentage points but that's not out of the norm in consumer grade products.Aesthetics:Good build quality, lovely design, and makes no noise when running -- I love it smart home devices that blend in and become part of the home rather than sticking out as a techie eyesore (see: Foobot). The only real complaint here is that provided power adapter is a cheapie wall wart which sticks out and kind of ruins the clean design.Software:This is where I want to see some progress. The application has a decent "at a glance" view and should suffice for common users. However, I would like to see the following addressed:1) There's a 'score' for a each metric but I am unsure of how it's derived. For example, I get docked a 'dot' when my temperature is at 70 -- what is the ideal I am striving for? Is it too high or too low? You've told me something is wrong but I don't know what I should do to fix it.2) The graphs use a relative to the day scale which I find misleading and make it quite difficult to accurately compare days.3) Speaking of "dots" and graphs: they're not very colorblind friendly and can be really hard to tell apart.4) The app only retains a week's worth of data making it useless for tracking progress long term. I want to know how my environment progresses through seasons or is affected long term by things like swapping out air filters or changing windows.5) The app / device drops data points rarely; no big deal as it's at most a couple times a week but still annoying.6) There's no Wink integration.
Amazing little device.  Tracks dust, CO2, VOC and humidity.  Very stylish look and well integrated software.  Would love to see an option to detect mold.  Would love if the company also branded their own air purifier products that coordinate with the detector.
Easy to set up.  The recent versions of the Awair app (at least on Android) look nice and work well.  The sensors seem to be pretty accurate as far as I can tell.
If you don't like pollution, this unit won't add any in the form of sound or light. It does not use fans. I love how I can check on my home from anywhere in the world. Alexa also integrates well with it.My one complaint is that you have to completely reset it to change the wifi. There is no point in renaming the room, if you move it around, as it does not track data per label. It just uses the latest label.
The device constantly lost connection to wifi, which forced you to reset the settings and reconnect.  Finally the device stopped turning on completely. I now have a brick after having it since August.  Time to call support to get fixed.  Is it worth it?Update March 2017I recieved a replacement unit at the end of January and this unit has yet to have any problems for the little over month of use.  I'll come back in six months to another report on quality of the product.  And might do comparison between the Blueair which controls my purifiers to see how they indicate measurements from their sensors.Update April 2017:The replacement unit still working good.  I've done some comparisons between the Airwair and BlueAir Aware, and find them generally in sync.  If you try to monitor the small flunctusntions in a day with these devices and take action based on them you'll go crazy jousting filters, fans, and placement and finally come to the conclusion that there are fluctuantions from these units based on breathing, dinner odor, humilitiers, etc.  it's best to look at drastic consistent changes over a day.  Patterns like how does house air quality respond to no humans during day?  Wife wants all windows open?  Teen does laundry after evening, to external air creap.  If you understand the patterns you then can look at ways to improve your humidifiers, air purifiers, household ac/heat/fan and various temps.  Also the better times to allow outside clean air to allow teens room to not smell.
The app rarely works, the unit itself often doesnt work, their server crashes making the device useless, and now the LED display can't be dimmed any longer.  We've had more problems with this thing that I ever thought possible.  DO NOT BUY!!!  You can find others much, much better that actually work for a fraction of the cost.
Stay away if you use Android. Poor app behavior and lack of stated support for Nest.They claim it, but have known issues they haven't fixed for weeks.Otherwise the device is nice and has helped with our allegeries, but can't recommend this product to others with such poor App support.
Defective, sent back.Update: We had defective CO2 sensor in our first unit which was returned and caused a headache to say the least.  But the new unit works good and we bumped our rating up to 3 stars.Customer service after seeing this review contacted us for a replacement.  However I notified the company several times of the issue and even did a survey with no response.  So as well as customer service responded to this Amazon review... my other efforts to notify them of this defective unit were not met with any communication.  Lack of consistency in service.Once we received the new unit it functions fine with no known issues.  It definitely doesn't not have a defective CO2 sensor as our last unit did.  It still makes it hard for us to trust the readings after how bad our first unit worked.So quality here is an issue.  I can't fully back this product.  It's nice, just an air quality toy at this point.The device is very light weight and feels fragile.  I handle it like a dozen eggs.  It's simple design is pleasing for a box shaped item.  But it's not going to be an artistic piece in your house.The setup is simple and easy.A let down are the "suggestions" it makes to help with your air quality.  Most suggestions  are pointless and repetitive.  There are only a small number of suggestions it has as well.  Some suggestions actually feel more like advertising then anything else.  Don't expect to get any good advice here.  Room for improvement here.The app on the phone is okay at best.  Not much to do with it.  Nothing really exciting about it.  Definitely doesn't have that cool wow factor I was hoping for.Overall this air quality toy is working fine now.  I would give it 5 stars if the app was impressive and the suggestions were helpful.  They aren't.
Excellent product design and very easy setup. This is a very clean design and functions exactly as it says...what I am shorting it a star rating for is the lack of actionable "next steps" for what your air results are. We bought this primarily to monitor the air quality of our baby's nursery. Upon building some new furniture in the room, we experienced a spike in the VOC levels that have been maintaining. The suggestion tabs that come up in the Awair app are vague and/or worthless for how to combat this. Would be great to have both in-app companion product suggestions that will work with Awair (such as an air purifier suggestion and showing HOW it works with Awair) or other DIY suggestions that are actual DIY process write-ups.
Overall, the Awair seems to do what it says and provides a decent indication of air quality.  I only give it a three stars due to a lack of any customer support - I've contacted the support email three times and I haven't even received a single response.Here are a few dditional improvements I would suggest for a subsequent release:* add history - there's no history of air quality past the current day* give insights - need to add some insights about air quality - there's plenty of data available to provide insights - dumb data display is so 2010* tips are a very  weak - most tips just tell you to open a window. it's winter, no one is going to open a window. opening a window is not the only thing you can do. lots of opportunity here (hello cross sell opportunities!)* integration with additional devices - combining data from other smart devices would be so powerful, particularly with HVAC systems.
Tiny, well designed, Easy to set up,
I like that I can go back and see stats on air by day, week, or month.
Great device.  I love trying to maximize my score.
2 weeks in with this great tool. Only issue had was a loose plug connection which Awair immediately said they would send me a new plug, no questions asked. The app is getting better with each update and it works well with IFTT. The bedroom CO2 gets pretty high at night with the door closed, so I have IFTT turning on my air handler to move air throughout the home and it's proven to keep it more comfortable with lower CO2 levels all night. A fun tool for those who have interest in learning about real-life IAQ and not just rules of thumb you read online.
Great design, easily paired with my wifi and ifttt to control my Nest, and WeMo to control an air purifier and humidifier to make sure my air is nice and clean. My wife has all of the allergies, so I'm looking forward to see how this helps this winter!
Easy to setup and intuitive to use. I am happy with this product so far.
Awesome looking products. It is even smaller than i expected and that's a good thing.It doesn't offer medical grade accuracy but it does gives an idea about air quality in your room.The only bad thing is that it loses connection but connects back automatically and you don't need to do anything about it.It would be great f it would also pull weather forecast from internet, so you would get information about indoors and outdoors in one place. Otherwise I can highly recommend this product as it looks outstanding!
Changing my rating from 3 stars to 5 because once I complained about Customer Support I got outstanding, hand- holding and very patientresponses from the company. The operation of the device and the app were a big complicated (for me) but it seems like I'm finally getting more proficient with it.
Pros:My condo's temperature is not controllable from in my unit. I had no way to tell. The vents also shoot out a lot of dust which was part of the reason I bought this.It has helped me get my air from the mid 70's to the upper 80's/ lower 90's.Cons:I wish this worked with Apple Home.
1 month and my account is now not accessible. Unit is currently useless.It took 2 days but support finally told me that their app was "buggy" and that I would need to download the just published fixed version."I don't do QA often but when I do it's in production"12-28-2016 AWAIR seems to have oversold their services. Their app and back-end service is rapidly becoming unresponsive. The device is now bordering on useless.
A beautiful wood box with 5 bar charts and a numerical reading which measures PM2.5(came to learn this is a major villain), VOCs, carbon dioxide (CO2), temperature and humidity. Only wanted a device to measure the CO2 level in my home, while searching products, as it was not a lot of difference in price for other such devices so opted for this device. I liked the wood, old world look to it. It set it apart from the rest of the plastic based items. Once I started using it, found lots wrong or questionable with it. (I also have 2 Acurite to measure temperature and humidity in different places in my home.) Setting it up was a bit of a challenge, need internet and a router and need to understand how to connect it all. Device does not take measurements without WiFi. I find that strange. Its WiFi range is also limited. A definite drawback, since need to keep the device next to the router to work. It also tends to mess up my internet with disconnects after its been on for many hours. Ended up disconnecting power supply and plug back in for measurements. The constant reset make it work better. I found out the temperature sensor is spot on however the humidity sensor can be as much as 10 units off which makes it questionable the accuracy of the rest of the sensors. Its visual cue is nice, shows the air score, on the unit, plus the bar chart for the various sensors. For a numerical visual cue, need the app. The device app was easy to install. However, there is no diagnostic usefulness to it. Software offers some tips, about it. The device or the app does not store data past a 24 hour mark. Was hoping for something that would store for a year or years, something I could download to a spreadsheet. I also found this weird, since it needs WiFi, internet and software. Ended up returning the product and really wrestled with the decision. Wanted to keep and use it and let the designers have the funds to keep improving their product, but in the end could not part with the funds for something that only worked so so. The designers have good intentions but this product needs more work. I think I will wait for the next generation.The market for product that measures quality of air in homes is open for the taking, there is no device out there that does it all or that does it right. And there is a market for such devices for people concerned about air quality and their health. This is a wonderful looking product, promising awareness (questionable measurements) to communicate understanding (software offers tips only) to incite action (knowledge without action is useless), needed if your concerned about your health and your family.
I originally had a problems with my Initial purchase, when it finally broke I contacted Bitfinder and after a few days got a response, and finally a replacement.The replacement works great!I will keep you updated if I have any problems with the replacement Awair
This thing is awesome! I love that it can be set to a clock and then you can knock on it to show you the "report". It's been really interesting to see how our air quality is and work to find ways to improve it. Love this product!UPDATE: It works! My boyfriend sprayed an oil based paint upstairs and this thing registered the VOC's as a huge problem. It also tells me when I forget to dust or if the humidity is too high. It's great!
I've owned the Awair for about three months now and have been quite happy with it.  As it turns out my air quality was pretty decent so I may not have used some of the tips available it has to offer to address poor air quality.  I have other indoor temperature and humidity monitors for my weather station and find that Awair's readings are pretty similar.  Every once in a while a category on the Awair "freaks" out for a few seconds and shows high values, but then drops back down to normal.  I wouldn't say this happens normally, but has been something I noticed over the past three months.  In the end, the Awair does what its advertised to do and monitors air quality.However, that is not the end of the story.  Two weeks ago I ended up tripping on Awair's power cord and that sent the Awair flying across the living room carpet.  I picked up the Awair it didn't have any physical damage so I went to plug it back in.  When I did that I noticed the metal part of the power cord plug was a bit loose and only provided power to the Awair when I held it in a certain position.  I ended up breaking the power cord plug and decided email Awair about purchasing a new plug.  Their customer service responded quickly, asked where I purchased it, ultimately gave me a replacement plug for free, and had it shipped out the week after I broke the original one.  Out of the three months in owning the Awair I think their excellent customer service stands out more than the great and well-built product they're selling.  In this day and age I'm very impressed by a company that stands behind their product and has great customer service.
Had this item for a little over a month now. It performs what it's supposed to do well enough that I didn't return it, but also has enough flaws that I won't suggest it to others.Pros: - Responds to changes in CO2, VOC and dusts well. - Clean design that fits in well with various rooms.Cons: - Temperature and moisture measurement are way off. I've never seen the temperature on mine leave the 62 to 68 degrees range regardless of what the actual temperature is. Moisture I have no good comparison with, but it had been displaying a 3 dot measurement on days when I woke up with a dry mouth. - Only records data for a day. Not even 24 hours--the previous data gets wiped on 12am without a way to export it. Why is the company so against implementing a history or export feature despite it being requested since essentially day 1? I may start doing it manually to find some clues. - Loose power cable connection. Way to easy to knock it out of power.If you are not paranoid about your indoor air quality as I was back then I ordered this, it's probably best to wait for something more reliable.Edit 11/21/16: Received a follow-up from Bitfinder. I was mistaken on the moisture display--the dots could mean either too dry or too moist. Not a design choice I agree with, but it's actually working. Also promised an app update soon, looking forward to that.Edit 12/06/16: App updated to show 7 days of data, much better. They also sent an replacement power cord which seems to be doing well. I may update again in the future if I get my hands on another temperature measuring device for a verdict on my last pain point.*Edit 06/26/16: The dust sensor no longer shows anything below a 78 anymore regardless of the environment. I guess dust got trapped inside near the sensors? Not sure how I'm supposed to trust the other readings either now. It's only been 9 months... I'll have to drop my rating.
Its a pain in the neck to maintain this. It loses internet connection frequently and then its a nightmare to wake it up again and get it to work.Useless without internet connection. I wonder why cant it still display air quality without the use of the net.
It's a nice device. I normally leave the display in clock mode and check the readings in the app, which works well for me.  It has some IFTTT integration, but only as a trigger; I would find it more useful being able to change settings with IFTTT.Perhaps one of the best things about the Awair is that it looks good while doing its job. I don't mind leaving it in a fairly prominent position in the living room.
I needed to check my air quality in my basement family room because of allergys. After receiving the unit set up and was amazed at the levels voc & co2 ! now know I needed more ventilation. thanks for the high quality product
I have had my Awair for only 3 weeks and totally love it. Previously had bought the Foobot a half year ago. The latter started to have problems with it's wifi connection and found large inaccuracies in CO2 and VOC. So decided to get the Awair and run them side by side, being 6" apart on top the cleared top of the dresser. Note the Foobot only measures VOC and not CO2. It approximates a best guess for CO2. I purchased an simple CO2 meter a couple of months ago to help diagnose my poor air quality. The simple CO2 meter is also next to these two monitors.After a few days it became clearer who to trust. The Foobot kept failing due to it's poor wifi, the Awair kept working. The Awair did loose wifi occasionally but only once every few days, vs the Foobot loosing internet and flushing it's data sometimes several times a day. Data readings varied too. The Awair CO2 readings were close to the simple CO2 meter. Understandably the Foobot does not have a CO2 sensor, unfortunate since NDIR sensors are cheap and fairly common. But saw the VOC readings vary much as well. At some lower levels the two were close, at higher levels above the "good-fair" ranges, they varied greatly. At times the Foobot was close to 3x higher. Without lab equipment and a controlled environment, as retired electrical engineer, I can not be conclusive.But for my home, I see the Awair as the best device for my money and covers the three necessary parameters (particulate, CO2, VOC). Other devices such as Foobot, Eve, etc. do not. That lack of sensors can be highly disrupting to anyone trying to isolate the source(s) of bad air quality in their home.
I really like the product and the support from the site.  I have 3 that I use and it really does give a good indication of problem areas in the home. My wife has both allergies and asthma and I can literally see her symptoms worsen as the bar graphs go up.The one improvement I'd like to see, and I'm not sure if its more of a router issue with my Linksys router.  But most times when the Awair loses connection it does require for the power cord to be disconnected and reconnected for it to get the wi-fi connection back.  A fix for that would be great.Otherwise this is a 5 star product.UPDATE: 11/22/2016  Just as an update to original review.  The disconnect issue was related to my router and extenders.  Linksys was able to solve the problem with me.  The Awair's now connect flawlessly, I have upgraded from 4 stars to 5.  Thanks also to Awair which reached out to me after reading my initial review.  Happy customer and recommend the product.
Great product, work perfectly
Finally a tasteful, intuitive way of seeing and understanding what we feel in our house. The insights are helping us make changes to make our home healthier. Amazing!!! And the app is flawless.
It is nice to be able to monitor the quality of the air inside of our house. Some things like allergy attacks now make sense as you see the pollen/dust increase. Allows me to know when the air filters are no longer doing their jobs. Also nice to have some scientific data to look at for my inner geek.
It works well, but it need a WiFi in order to work.
Amazed by accuracy of this device. I own two (for two rooms) and they produce nearly identical readings. I can see how my actions affect air quality (eg opening a window). Thats really cool. I have also created some IFTTT routines to get notified of exceptional conditions.
- Really interesting to find out about the air quality around your home - something I've not considered in the past.- The device is very nicely made, small and stylish and feels good quality.- Setup was very easy in my case, took about 5 mins to get it running and on my wifi. I've not had any issues that others have mentioned in that moving it around or turning it on and off loses connection.- The iPhone App is very swish and give you a load info and graphs so you can see how your air quality trends change over the days.- I really can't vouch for the accuracy, not having anything to compare it to, but certain things do seem to set it off. E.g. making the bed always raises the dust bar graph.- I love the cute LED display - the auto brightness feature is good for the bedroom.- Awair support have been very good. My unit shipped to the UK with the wrong plug, despite it saying it would come with a UK one. However Kevin @ Awair was very helpful in getting me the correct adapter. He was also very forthcoming with information on how some of the temperature ranges work (see below).- One thing I'm not convinced of is the temperature ranges suggested. If the bedroom is at 18C we get 3 LED blobs which is "OK but not great" Personally 18C feels good to me. Kevin @ Awair tells me their  "good" range is 22-25.99C and those figures come from the US Environmental Protection Agency, however I'd find it hard to sleep in a room at 25C. Luckily I'm told they are working on making the temperature range something where the user can configure to his or her preference.- I'd like a better explanation of what the preference setting does. You can pick "General", "Sleep", "Allergy" and "Productivity" but it's not clear to me what these actually do. Do they change the indices used for monitoring, or just the cards show to me with hints and tips or...?- Only other negatives to the device are the fact the display goes when there is no Wifi - you get a scrolling text display indicating a problem, and the price, which was quite expensive in getting it to the UK.- I'm looking forward to software updates for this device, as I'm sure they can do a lot more with it.
Awair turned out to be a great purchase..To me, it's much more than a pollutant monitor. We’re keeping ours in the bedroom and it's been helping us how to keep the room condition optimized for a good night sleep. The app cards are great. They give hands-on recommendations and quite useful.I’m considering getting couple more for the living room and the nursery. Worth the money.
This product helps me keep track of my air and gives me actionable insights that allow me to quickly improve my indoor environment. I'm obsessed!
This absolutely does not measure PM2.5, PM10 or VOCs.  It measures surrogates that may or may not correlate with the stated pollutants.
There is room for improvement, but I am happy with the two devices I bought, though I am still waiting on the upgrade for the VOC reading, that was announced a few days ago.
cool looking product, very easy to setup with Apple devices (painful with some Android devices due to known issues with Bluetooth).Measurements appear to be accurate.
Super sleek design, I put this in my baby's room and also lent it to my mom after she did some remodel to monitor VOCs.  I like how the lights go off when it turns dark so it doesn't disrupt my sleep.  Learned that my room is much more humid than it should be!
Awair is quite a cool home/office device to have. It displays the status of your air quality, explains the situation and provides some advices through your mobile app, and can be connected to other related gadgets as well. The product design is cozy especially with the wood-cover.Some improvements could be considered to enhance customer experience;  - live chat or bot service can be added to help customers for installation or other service and information inquiries --> many apps are serving this way.  - Interpretation is a bit confusing. I'm not an air-expert so numeric display of CO2 or VOC can't be easily understood. When connected with the Amazon Echo (Alexa),  it only announces the number-value of some air elements if asked. Could be helpful if (1) numbers are displayed with colors of green/yellow/orange/red on your mobile app and (2) Alexa can interpret these numbers as "good" "need care" or "bad".  - In a similar context, I think the graph-curve shown in Awair Score is intended to reflect not only the changes in atmosphere but also quality-level. Changing the color of the graph line for every interval/hurdle point would be very effective to understand "when" the air-quality is good or bad. Again, it's not easy to understand the how the Y-axis value speaks.  - Finally, I wasn't able to track/monitor my Awair result through the webpage (laptop-base). Aligning the mobile and web experience could be helpful.These are based on my personal experience but I believe some people would also benefit from the above mentioned improvements.Looking forward to meeting the next version soon.
It is super easy to operate the product. Initially, I thought about all the potential challenges that I might face in setting it up as a non-techy person. But I am very happy that it didnt require me to "examine and research about" how to use the product.  Nice job!
Minimalist design that matches any household! Love how easy it is to track the air quality of my home and how personalized it is to me and my preferences!
Love this product!Always had trouble falling a sleep. Sometime, I get this weird insomnia for no reasons. Other days, I wake up but my body is still sleeping and I don't feel fresh at all. I did try a lot of different things but never ever I thought air in my bedroom, more specifically the CO2 could be an issue.After using Awair, I was able to constantly monitor the air quality in my room and all the bad symptoms went away! I highly recommend this product!
I had no idea air quality or toxins (naive, I know) could infiltrate our home let alone our nursery until I visited a friend and she told me about all the toxins that were found in her baby's room. I was horrified! Fortunately, she had Awair on her registry early and was able to repaint, address the issues and eliminate the toxins in the baby's room before her bundle of joy arrived. I'm am happily following in her footsteps and using Awair to ensure our twins have a healthy, clean and safe environment.
Very little access to data. If you're on Android, there's no way to see trends. So unless you're recording the data manually, there's no way to compare seasonal results, for example if you want to compare results while your heater is on vs A/C.They've added IFTTT support which is a start, but access to the full data or at least some kind of reporting capability would be better, especially for the price.
What we like most about this is that we can easily see when we need to air out the place.  I like the tips in the app about how to lower VOCs and dust, as we have allergies to these,
My device stopped working.  I emailed them and they quickly provided a solution.
This ranged between inaccurate to not accurate enough to mean anything.  I have ways to verify the temperature (obviously), the humidity, and dust (dylos particle counter) and all of these were off most of the time.  The dust may have been sort of correct but it showed "2" all the time no matter how much I ran my air purifier etc.  The problem is it makes it impossible to know if the air purifier is actually working.  The values it did display were also quite a bit different from dylos even though they were sitting right next to each other.  I would expect some variation but not as much as I was seeing.  I have no way to verify the VOCs and CO2 but based on the other measurements I question the accuracy of those as well.  If only one measurement was off I would have been happy but when it's 3/5 with no way to verify the other two I question the usefulness of the device.  If you are mainly interested in dust and want to know if your air purifiers etc are working get the dylos- you won't get the information you need from Awair.
I love this product! It helps me and my family breathe cleaner air, and it's so aesthetically pleasing!
Awair is amazing!!! Did so much for my allergies!
If you have or are expecting children, this is a must have in your house. Once I knew what my daughter was being exposed to, I followed a few of Awair's recommendations and now the nursery is safe again. Peace of mind and comfort... priceless.
I am so obsessed with this beautiful little box. I used it a week before my new baby girl arrived and it told me that our VOC's (chemicals from furniture, carpet, paint, etc) were high. I immediately took action, primed the nursery walls, bought a plant which the app recommended helps with VOCs and watched our air quality score cruise on up to the 90's (out of 100). Breathe easy little baby! I frequently check it to see if the nursery is at a good temperature, humidity and dust level. Love it.
Beautiful design awesome device. Equipped with 5 sensors Temperature, Humidity, CO2, VOCs and PM you can have a complete idea about the air quality in your house. you can read more about it on my wordpress blog SeetheAir.
App crashes a lot and device refuses to respond a lot. Seems accurate when it does work. Also kinda unfortunate that the tvoc is listed as index instead of a count. Finally, app logs me out at random times.
I bought one of these after we had work done at our home and I wanted to check for high VOC and dust levels.  It definitely works as designed and I haven't had any issues after a month with it.  I use it with IFTTT and our thermostat and an air purifier.  It works great.  Once the levels get high it kicks on the fans for a few minutes and the levels drop.  It's fun to see what impacts the various sensors over the course of a day or week.  It's very sensitive and you can even tell when people enter and exit a room just by the dust or co2 levels.  I think it's great so far.  It did give me some connection issues when I first set it up and then tried to move it to a new network but after that it hasn't been a problem.  It just works and I've noticed my allergies have descreased as I've taken steps to lower the dust levels.
For background - I own four "Alexas", three Nest products, Apple watch, a smart scale and use IFTTT so I get the whole "smart" and "connected" idea.I live 15 minutes outside of a major city, have a very high traffic street nearby so I was curious about the air quality of our house which led to the purchase of the Awair.I opened the box to find sleek packaging (reminded me of Apple products) and a simple looking yet stylish device.Easy to setup and get going. I checked all of the stats, things looked pretty good. I looked at some of the healthy living tips on the app which were helpful.Herein lies the rub. Do I need this as a completely separate device? Turns out the answer is no. This is something that can and should be integrated into an existing device (Nest, air purifier, etc.)Ultimately I've decided to return this product because I was quick to realize that the benefits of this device do not outweigh having another device take up counter space. If this were a clock as well and cost half the price, I'd be all over it. Right now, I'll take my changes not having perfect air.
Android app does not work. Got stuck in login or signup at the beginning. No email confirmation or whatsoever in "reset password". Didn't get to set it up. Slick design though...
Very happy with this device! Setup went without a hitch. Dedicated CO2 sensor initially measured levels 100-200ppm lower than other sensors, but it seems to be self-calibrating, so after a few days this value now seems improved at 50ppm less on average.VOC sensor seems very sensitive which is a good thing, whenever I use a teaspoon of rubbing alcohol to clean something in the same room, VOC levels spike shortly afterwards.I wish that the temperature would be only rounded up to 1 decimal (e.g. 80.4ºF instead of just 80ºF), that dust levels would be measured in PM2.5/PM10, and that VOC levels would be shown as the actual value, not just an index number.Alexa and IFTTT integration is really useful, can't wait until they implement a few changes to allow for more accurate triggers.Update 12 Oct. 2016:VOC now displayed in parts per billion!Still need more accurate IFTTT triggers, then this will be a 5 star device.Update 25 Nov. 2016:IFTTT doesn't trigger when temperature goes below a threshold.Still no sufficiently granular temperature triggers in IFTTT.Device loses WiFi connection around 1 a week. Restarting it solves this, so I hooked it up to a timer switch which turns it off and on at 3AM every day, so if it does drop the connection when I'm away it'll resolve itself within 24 hrs. They could easily implement a "restart if connection is dropped" in the firmware though.
This is another one of those devices I really wanted to love. Reading air quality in my bedroom, along with the integration with Nest to circulate the air when needed, sounded like a fantastic idea. And it was great.... when it worked. It was extremely difficulty to even connect to my WiFi in the first place. I had to repeat the connection step many, many times before it finally connected. I was within 10 feet of my router (I use eero), it I knew it couldn't be the range and everything else connected without difficulty, so I knew it wasn't my wifi. But even after getting it connected, minutes later it would disconnect again. Restarting it would get it back onto my network, only to have the disconnect again in a few minutes.I contacted tech support, which answered within 24 hours and offered to replace my Awair. I give them credit for the quick response and the willingness to replace mine. A few days later, the new Awair arrived, and I had the exact same experience all over again.A google search confirmed my fears, others were having the same problem. As much as I hated to do it, I ended up returning my Awair. There is obviously an issue with connecting it to wifi, and without wifi it does not function. I hope this is something they can resolve in the future, and if they do, I would be happy to buy one again. But for now, this is a no-go.
Despite a few drawbacks, I am in love with this product. Firstly, the design is top notch. It's not a wood finish, it's made of wood. They're not mucking around here. The dots with the lights, the hole on the side, the squareness, it's a timeless design. Even if it was just a clock that looked like this it would still be awesome. But it's also 5 air quality sensors! It has given me a new sense I did have previously. I now have tools to measure so that I can improve the quality of my air and thus my life. Invaluable.That said, there is plenty of room for improvement. The 'Awair score' is somewhat useless if you don't agree with the temperature range. I'm told there will be a software update that addresses this though. Humidity seems accurate. CO2 also seems accurate and has been a real eye (and window!) opener for me. The VOC measurement is a nice thought but totally useless. Firstly, it boils down the actual measurement into a 1-5 scale. It's also measuring several different VOCs which have adverse effects at different levels. Anyway, I know that's a challenge because cheap VOC sensors don't really exist and Awair doesn't mess with sensor R&D (I wish they did haha). Anyway I also find the 'dust' sensor lacking. To provide truly helpful info about the quality of the air it needs to differentiate between PM.5 and PM2.5 and PM10. Hard to tell what it's actually sensing.The app can be a bit cumbersome at times but I'm sure that will be improved. IFTTT integration is essential.I think that's all I have to say. It's a great thing. I've only had it less than a week.
High VOCs, now what? added plants, no new construction, changed cleaners....
Awair: Smart Air Quality Monitor, Works with Alexa, Nest, and IFTTTI have been trying to hack the air in my apartment for a few months now with several indoor plants and an indoor air filter. Before the Awair all I could do at best is a 'sniff test'. Since I have placed the Awair in our apartment it has helped us gain IMMENSE insight as to how our behavior affects our air quality and vice versa. The device is reliable and works smoothly and as advertised. The readings of the sensors are precise and do not fluctuate wildly as cheap sensors do. The app that it comes with is just as easy and fun to use. It intuitively shows the data that matters and allows the user to view very informative graphs as well. Lastly, the design aesthetic of the Awair is probably what has grown on me the most since adding it to our home. It's design is striking and a pleasure to look at; we have been asked more than a couple times about it by visitors.With the Awair we were able to determine where we should put our house plants to maximize the benefits to our indoor air quality as well as more accurately know when it is time to sweep and dust around the house; a huge plus for mitigating allergies during the summer/spring.If you care about the quality of your air at home (which you should) and want to do so with a beautiful device that is reliable and easy to use then I highly recommend getting an Awair!
I have had my Awair for a few months now. I absolutely love how it looks in my main living space. (NOTE: I paid FULL price for the Awair. $199. No discount or incentive was given to me for this review.)I consider myself to be very concerned with indoor air quality. I have an Airmega 400S, Blueair 550E, Fellowes AeraMax 200, and a few lower end Holmes purifiers throughout my home. Healthy living starts with healthy air.Since I've had the Awair, I've noticed that when I close my house and turn on the air conditioning, the CO2 levels spike well beyond normal levels. They are between 2500-3500ppm with the house closed. My score would dip into the 50s.A bit of research proves that these levels are unhealthy and something inside the home is wrong.I contacted a local heating and cooling company to help diagnose the issue. The problem ended up being a clogged vent pipe on my natural gas hot water heater. The emissions were being vented back into my home instead of out the chimney. I cleared the vent and now maximum CO2 levels with the house closed are about 1000ppm. My overall score is always over 85.I owe a HUGE THANK YOU to Awair. Without your product, I would have never known about this problem. We have a baby on the way and this problem could have easily lead to significant health issues for our child.THANK YOU for making our home a healthier place to live!NOTE: I paid FULL price for the Awair. $199. No discount or incentive was given to me for this review.
Hi All ,Good day , just wanted to ask help from other reviewers also . I have been constantly having issue with Dust sensor and it fluctuates a lot . Some times gives me very high value above 200 - 250 Micro/ cubic metre which is very hazardous when I checked safe values .Some times it goes down too much and when I power off and on it again changes .VOC values also doesn't seems to match and flucutuating in the same level high and down  .Trying to get support but very difficult to reach some times.Does anyone experience the same issues with this device ?Plus I have an IQ Air Pro Plus Air purifier in my home .Any support and help is appreciated.
Great product, just plug and let it go to work.  Easy to read app.
The wifi disconnects every two days.  I had this unit in my bedroom to monitor the air.  It worked well for a few days, then started to disconnect from my wifi.  I moved it closer to the router, about 30 feet.  It's till disconnecting every few days.  I noticed when my traffic is heavy here, the unit drops connection.  It only uses the 2.4 GHz band, which may be the issue.This thing scores a zero in reliability.  If it can't reconnect, and I have to keep resetting this thing, it's going back.  Shame, it works pretty well and tells me some good Info.  I bought it because I'm asthmatic, have bad allergies, and this was on sale.
The device itself:The Awair sensor is effective enough to give you a general idea of what the air quality in a room in your home is like. I'm not entirely convinced of its accuracy, the temperature and humidity readings have been way off. I don't have any sort of device to measure the allergen content independently so I don't know how accurate that part is. That being said, it was very helpful to have a one-stop shop to determine the overall air quality.Between my wife and I we have both an android and an iPhone. The android app used to connect to this was a little buggy and much harder to sync up. The iPhone version worked well and connected painlessly. Once we got the app running it worked fairly well, except for a hiccup or two where we suddenly lost connection on the android version. The hints on how to improve your air quality are a nice touch and some were very helpful, namely the suggestions on which plants to bring into the room.
The device does not have any Customer support numbers and to date none email us back for support , sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't and the time is always two hours mistake , is very expensive for what it does
Very smooth in connecting to wifi and server. The main reason I got this becauswe my kids were getting sick frequently due to allergies and humidity. Looks good the way it monitors indoor air. Regarding readings not sure if they are accurate. The temperature of Awair and my thermostat is always little off. The worst part is there is no support provided for the product. Just fill  a support form and you wont get any response. If the product doesn't work as expected then you were left out. I have three units and I have returned one as of now because of no response from support team
I really wanted to like this product, but unfortunately, it appears they made a bad decision with their choice of wifi radios. I spent 20 minutes trying to get it to connect to my 2.4GHz network. I refuse to spend any more time, sending it back.
I have no complaints. Sensors are well within range and the data is presented in a very user friendly manner. The device has disconnected a few times over the last 3 months but it reconnects on its own and requires no action from me. As to the comments on range and the airwave only supporting 2.4 ghz wifi, this is the preferred spectrum for data transmission as waves attenuate much faster at higher frequencies. You get more range from 2.4 vs 5 Ghz, the latter is just less congested. That doesn't matter for this use case, the data being transmitted is very small.
Awesome product! Just got today and love it! Works perfectly and very accurate!
We live in a newly constructed home and we bought Awair to monitor the air quality in our home especially the VOCs. It identified an issue with the humidity levels and the VOCs.  The only compliant is the rating level of the VOCs.  VOCs are measured in levels. Level 1 being great and level 4 being bad. The VOCs are consistently measured at a level 3. We contacted Awair to find out more information on the levels. They were unable to provide us with more information.  Hopefully in the future they will add the ability to save data for a week/month and separately track data for different rooms. Overall, it is a great product.
Doesn't feel much value given the amount of money spent on this. Could have supported historical data for more than 1 day by sending to cloud storage if limited local storage was the reason for allowing only 1 day historical data.
What I like the most about this product is it shows air quality and also it is connected to the internet which means I can check the air quality through the app on my phone when I am away from home. One improvement advice would be currently I have to reset Awair everytime I change wifi network. For me it is a bit of a hassle because I like to test the air quality of different rooms in the house / office and I have to reset the product everytime.
Was working for 2 weeks, but then nothing. No way to connect to the app, very disappointed!
This thing is wonderful.  I was going back and forth between Foobot and Awair for about a week before I decided to go with Awair.  The deciding factor for me was the Co2 reading.  Foobot does not actually have a Co2 reader but puts it together by an algorithm of other measurements.  While Foobot has more perks in the sense of historical data, IFTTT compatibility and the ability to work with more than one unit, I decided those were software app enhancements and will eventually come.  I was pleased to find that historical data has been expanded to one week and that it can work with multiple units already.  Clearly an update occurred after many previous reviews.  IFTTT compatibility is currently in the works so I'll be able to integrate the findings of my Awiar to trigger actions such as run my house fan for 15 minutes, or raise or drop the temp of the house, etc...I'm very pleased with the findings of my Awair unit and have already taken action to help prevent poor air quality from every day house activity.
Brief background: I am a physician living in a very polluted city, study the effects of industrial and traffic related air pollution since 1995, test  different air purifiers, filters and air quality monitors, have PURCHASED most of my equipment from Amazon and publish some webpages about air pollution. I am very sensitive to air pollution and usually detect spikes several minutes before good sensors detect them.Updated on 2016/07/03.  I rated it as an Air Quality Monitor, not as an Environment Monitor, but it could work for both.I  have two Awairs and will be updating this review because I think they are updating the software. This is an excellent device with excellent customers support, reflects quality but has a very important flaw with the humidity sensor and a shortcome with VOCs measurement.It does not work as an Environment Monitor yet (it should) because the humidity data is not consistent with AQI and another humidity sensor, taking into account that AQI is outdoors and Awair is indoors . But it is an excellent air quality monitor with two limitations. Let's see why:Humidity: it was +17% below actual humidity. Now it is +/- 11% below actual. I compare it with another humidity sensor and with my local AQI reports several times a day.Temperature: It had problems during the first week but it seems ok now. I verify it every day with two digital thermometers and an analogic one used to develop slides film and it seems awair is almost accurate but it does not show decimals.CO2 measurement with a real sensor for CO2. Very useful. It tells you when to open doors and windows to let fresh air in. It works great.VOCs metering:  It does not use units but a VOCs index. I have two excellent VOCs sensors to compare with: My nose and symptoms, and the one that comes with my Winix 9500. Whenever my nose tells me there is important VOCs pollution, my Winix 9500 shows it with yellow and red bars. Definitely, awair is very sensitive. Just consider index 2 as polluted. Keep in mind that index 2 when dealing with benzene, formaldehide, etc., is harmful, but when dealing with your girlfriend's perfum is safe ... supposedly ;)PM2.5/PM10. It shows them as micrograms per cubic meter but does not differentiate PM2.5 from PM10 so, it really measures PM10 which means particles equal or smaller than PM10. I compare it with my Dylos Pro EMI and think Awair is reliable enough to get an idea of PM pollution.Score: unreliable yet. It takes into account humidity that comes with up to 17.3% error,  CO2 that works well, VOCs with no units and PM that works well but  you cannot compute a VOCs relative index with quantity values. Besides, temperature and humidity have nothing to do directly with air quality and both are relative: 65% humidity might be too dry for someone living in the jungle and 60 Fahrenheit  might be too hot for someone living in Yellowknife, Alaska.Hopefully they can fix that all with software updates.Wifi: No problem at all but I use good routers. It just allows 2.4 GHz band but that is ok. The devices disconnect from the server, as far as I have seen because of the server - maybe updates, maintenance, etc. and they start working again with no problems, unless you try to fix it :) Anyway that is normal and they are live more time than AQI. If you change your wifi network, you must reset awair twice and must use bluetooth to find your awair again.It uses an app for tablets and cellphones, so you can monitor any site as long as you have wifi connection. That is very useful.OS: IOS and Android. I use both with no problems but prefer IOS.Bluetooth: No problems. For those of you how find trouble pairing it with bluetooth remember: the hole is on the left. 69 and 96 are not the same when talking about math ;)As AQI reports do not include VOCs, awair will help you TONS because they can represent important risks for your health and contrary to PM, they are very difficult to control; closing windows is not enough and most air purifiers are almost useless for VOCs. That you'll learn with awair.The articles and tips you get from your subscription to awair are very interesting. Unfortunately the tips might not always be accurate because the score might not be accurate enough all the time. Anyway, if you take that into account, you can use them for your needsAs a whole, the awair is the best home air quality monitor, much more useful than air purifiers sensors, even more sensitive than the Winix 9500's VOCs sensor. But the Winix display is like a red light. You will not miss a warning.In time, updates will be included as part of the initial reviewUpdate: 2016/07/03The more I use it, the more I like it. It is like a new car: understeers or oversteers, too much gas, etc. OK, let's see:General reaction: there is a lag, sometimes 1 or 2 minutessensors:Dust (PM10) overreacts compared with my Dylos ProVOCs: excellent sensitivityCO2: excellent sensitivityHumidity: displays wrong values half of the timeTemperature: not very accurate. Just enough to get byScore: It works but takes into account temperature and humidity and it is not very accurateRed/green dot on the right. Yellow dot desirable!  Please!Software:I insist it should have a function to remove humidity and temperature for the score calculationsGreat statistics, graphs, reports. I have used them to detect industrial pollution, post them to twitter and got newspapers interest.You can directly share your statistics by email, tweeter, facebook, etc.UPDATE: 2016-08-25customers support:I had a problem with a sensor and Kevin sent me a new awair overseas and a form to return the defective one. They are always willing to help.The knocking function for the clock is very functional if you have your awair close to you. The clock is accurate.The display with LEDs is simple, easy to read, learn and understand and  very useful because you immediately "get to know your air". No need to use the App unless you want numbers, statistics, tips, change settings, etc.You can simultaneously  use the app to check one or more Awairs even from different devices. You can connect as many devices as you want in any place, room, city, country, continent, as long as you have WiFi. This is a great advantage to keep an eye on air quality for your kids'rooms, shops, theaters, etc., You can also create a small air quality network for your home, business, city, country, etc Awair is not a scientific instrument, but certainly is very useful, reliable and easy to use.Statistics: Very useful and they are improving the software with nice and useful functions.Awair Card: Their tips to improve air quality are superb. They are scientific, interesting and well supported.Battery usage: relatively low: 2% - 6% at the mostCO2, VOCs and PM sensors are relatively very accurate. CO2 is consistent with environment. So are VOCs and PM. I wanted numbers for VOCs but they are no really needed because VOCs toxicity depends mostly of the VOCs: low concentrations can be harmful. PM: I compare it with my Dylos Pro EMI and can tell awair is reliable.The humidity sensors definitely are not reliable enough. Temperature is not very accurate either but it is enough to get by. AQI considers humidity and temperature but they are unnecessary for air quality. It does not really matter if you want to monitor air quality and for this purpose Awair is excellent. AQI does not include VOCs. Awair does, which is a lot better.The red/green LED is functional but I still miss a yellow intermediate LEDI am also using another very interesting and portable  device that you might consider, too: Air Mentor that looks beautiful, girls love it  but it is completely different from awair's. You cannot just go for one or the other, because you might get disappointed. It would be like comparing a Ford SUV with a Mini. Both are cool, but do not have the same functionalities.I am very, very  happy with my 2 awairs and hopefully can have more units later. Awair slogan “Get to know your air”is completely valid. It works!Update: 2016/10/02Awair now displays ppb for VOCs which is very useful to verify your air purifiers for VOCs. Bad news for air purifiers manufacturers because contrary to PM cleaning, they do not really help much with VOCs. (I have not been able to test Aerocide yet, so I cannot tell if it does do the work).  Awair is not a portable device but it is relatively easy to locate it over the air purifiers clean air outlets and check results.As you might have read, I am also using Air Mentor that is portable, am comparing both and prefer Awair. With Awair you can easily get an idea of what is wrong with your air. With Air Mentor you always must use the app because the colors just tell something is wrong but do not provide any idea of what is wrong. If you need a portable monitor go for Air Mentor. If you need functionality, go for awair. I recommend you have both, several awairs if you can afford them and one Air Mentor for portability. If you cannot afford both, go for Awair; otherwise you might end up blaming Air Mentor that is also a good device. The other not-professional air monitors that I have seen are not any competence.
Très bon appareil
I am very picky and watch gadget development carefully to avoid investing poorly. Awair is the best gadget investment I've made this year. As soon as they add multi-unit capabilities, I will buy more monitors.The different readings on Awair have showed me that dust is a bigger problem around my daughter's play area than previously thought. The graphs also tell me the best times to be in or out of the house based on temperature and CO2 fluctuations. Watching these readings across weeks, I now know more about the invisible state of things in my personal bubble than I have ever known before. Awareness like this is priceless. Buy one unit and put it somewhere important. You will receive a steady stream of valuable data about your air.
It is an interesting device. Easy setup. I believed it was a carbon monoxide detector. I was wrong but keeping it for the air quality  monitor it is.
the device has a very nice design and gives a few pieces of useful data.its hard to say how accurate it is.but the main problem is it disconnects from wifi after a few minutes, requiring a reboot.the app on the phone also has a bizarre disconnecting behavior.  perhaps they arehaving server issues.  whatever the cause, it makes this device a paperweight.lastly the lack of a web ui is an annoyance.UPDATE: the connection issues seem to have improved a lot so things are a lot better.now the main issue is that the graphs only go back to midnight so getting insight into any trends is hard.also the VOC measurement resolution is very poor.
This is a very informative product.  It does the job of measuring dust, VOC, temp, CO2, and humidity for my family's allergies.  At first my dust was very high, about 50, which persuaded me to purchase an air purifier.  It was very satisfying seeing my dust values drop as the air purifier did its job.  The app, although limited at the moment, gives you great information based on the data it pulls from your room.  CO2 high?  It gives you information on the best plants to get to reduce CO2.  Awesome!Eventually, after about 4 months, my dust values were rising again and I wasn't sure why.  I contacted customer service and they suggested I clean out the awair with a can of air, as the dust sensor can get clogged with dust.  It worked perfectly.  Now, my values are showing correctly. I now clean the awair with an air can every month or so.I'm getting another for my livingroom!
My Awair works very well and easily detects changes in the air quality when my girlfriend uses aerosols or runs on the treadmill, or even when my cat farts next to it.I'd like to see some more intricate details such as a breakdown on air composition, which I acknowledge may require an updated device build (a newer unit design). I'm picky, I like to see as much data as I can.
These are terrribly inaccurate. I ordered 2 and side by side, the VOC readings were wildly different. If one read 900, the other read 1890 and they were located in the same position. Beyond that, the dust sensor on one has been reading a minimum of 35 while the other reads 2.These are just fake values, nowhere close to being in line with reality.
App didn't allow me to setup account at first but now all is working well. You should be able to setup/use without an app though. All the data is shown on the device.
I always wondered whether the air in my house was good or had a problem.  With Awair I know.  Most of the time the air quality is great, but when I cook dinner I notice the variable organic compounds increase to high levels.  It is a good reminder to run the AC or open the windows.  Now that I have an Awair, when I go to places, I wonder what their air quality is; the office or the hotel in Vegas.  I am curious at what the Awair would show in China on bad air days.
Don't buy it's a piece of garbage.... It worked great the first 2 months then it can't stay connected to the Internet. It disconnects every 5 mins. It's worthless now.
WOULD have rated 5 stars....but my reason for 3.Recieved item and configured it without any problem....impressive device. Unplugged device and moved to another room...permanent location...or so I presumed. Upon relocating, device would not reconfigure with wifi router. Called manuf for assist and was told to return to seller and buy from manuf for code....really.
I bought it for my wife who has major allergies. It looked really nice so we were happy to splurge on something that can make my wife's life a bit easier.Pros1. Well designed and doesn't take up a lot of space.2. Does it job. Lets us know the condition of the air quickly and in one quick glance.3. App interface is easy to use and easy to read.4. Also a great looking clockHoping to see it grow and do more for my family in terms of air quality at home.
As one of the people who suffered from all sorts of nasal-related illnesses, I was one of the first ones to buy this device. Although skeptical at first, I quickly realized what this devices allows me to do. Awair allows me to actively battle the chronic conditions - the conditions that made me go through many surgeries and hospital visits in my earlier days.Unlike how modern medicine deals with chronic conditions such as sinusitis (which are mainly surgical procedures and pills - things that help me for the time being but don't change how I live during normal days), Awair almost forces me to look at the environment of a place I spent most of my time in. For my fellow sinusitis patients (and many others who care for air quality for various reasons) it's easy to forget that improving air quality in our own home is one of the easiest (and most effective) treatments we can give/receive.Awair is simple; it has 5 air-quality-measuring metrics, a qualitative score (in number and from the color of the dot next to the number) resulting from those metrics, and a clock. Day 1, I ignored most of the signals it tried to alert me with. It's been almost a month, and those signals are what I look at the first and the last thing of my day. In a sense Awair is like my mother's nagging voice - I vacuum more frequently, understand how VOCs and CO2 levels affect my health (I mean, to begin with, teaching me what VOC even is), and monitor the dust level so I can get a better sleep after the crazy day. And it doesn't stop there; Awair goes on and tells me all these health advices from the app. Did you know that having a plant in your room isn't a bad idea, but it could cause a over-humid atmosphere due to the wet soil, and rocks/stone over the soil solves this problem?Ovevall, Awair has been changing how I would think to deal with these conditions day-to-day. It's not just an air-quality monitor - it's a health teacher, a source-of-truth with a vast depth of knowledge all condensed in a small wooden device.Oh, almost forgot... and it looks amazingly beautiful on your shelves.
Pros:First of all, the industrial design of this small box is beautiful! I really love the look of the wood panels and the very creative LED display.Once it's set up, it is super easy to use.Very responsive tech and customer service team.Cons:Number 1 missing feature: it stops displaying the air quality readings as soon as internet is disconnected. This is completely unnecessary, because sensors do not need internet to function.Other concerns:- Getting the Android app to work was a pain. Crashed a few times, failed to connect to the WiFi after repeated tries, until I had to type in the SSID. But it's a one time pain I guess.- Very poor documentation on technical specs w.r.t VOC and dust. Too much missing information, such as what type of VOCs it detects and sensitivity, range, etc; how it differentiates PM2.5 and PM10 dust and what's the respective reading. All these leave a serious/curious user in the dark. Maybe I'm expecting too much from a $200 device. But I would be happy to pay more if better VOC/dust sensors are needed to address this concern.
Like many reviewers,we looked at a number of air quality monitors for our nursery before we purchased our Awair. We received our unit a few months before the baby arrived, and have been thrilled with it so far. Unlike a lot of the other "smart" devices we've accumulated over the past couple of years, we use it on a daily basis.Pros+ Beautifully designed and built device, e.g. wood finish and little touches like clock mode stand out+ Simple scoring system, LED interface, and mobile app are easy to use and intuitive. A glance in the room or at the app is all it takes to determine the health of the air. You can even determine when people were in a room by looking at the changes in CO2 and dust.+ Setup and commissioning were a breeze. Since installing our Awair, we have moved the room around more than once and installed a new wifi network with a new router. We had no issues connecting each time.+ Recommendations are useful and easy to implement, e.g. we now regularly open a window or increase ventilation during and after cooking and cleaningCons- Would like to be able to monitor more than one location- Integration with other systems/devices?We've been extremely happy with our Awair and look forward to additional products and services from this company.
It's pretty remarkable if you think about it. This beautifully designed device fits pretty much anywhere in your home, or office, anywhere really. It has four distinct sensors that pick up on the major 5 air components that can interrupt a person's daily routine (I researched other companies and Awair offers the most precise readings on Temp.,VOC,Hum.,CO2, and Dust), and it has absolutely changed my family's life. I suffer from severe allergies, and Awair has pretty much eliminated them from my indoor life. I can breath without sneezing, and I can see without having itchy eyes that constantly burn. My wife and I loved it so much that we decided to purchase multiple Awairs around the house so that we are constantly aware of our air. I honestly don't know how I was able to live without this product before. The beautiful thing about Aware is that not only does it offer some incredibly detailed graphs and data about the air in my home, but it gives me solutions. When I say solutions, I mean real life solutions that have created an incredible environment in my home. I would definitely like to see some additions to the data that I read off my smart phone, but the way things are moving there I can tell it will come relatively soon. Definitely worth the purchase, even if you aren't concerned about your home's air quality. You never know what you can't see.
I gave this another try, and I'm pleased to say the changes they have made, have made this a viable product now.  In 2 weeks or so, I've only lost connection to WIFI once.  And while that is once too many, I'm sure they'll continue to make changes to improve the quality of this unit. The app has also been changed to address concerns of tracking info for more than a day.  That helps alot.  Everything I was concerned about before, has been addressed.  The unit has been active with the environment, and not waiting to report the changes in the conditions.  And it seems to be in rhythm with other units.I'll give it 5 stars if the WIFI doesn't drop out at all, and if they figure out how to work in notifications when there is a problem, vs. having to go and look through the history.  But I will say, the improvements made have been good and things are looking up for them.  I realized they only recently launched, so they needed time to get things worked out.In the next couple of months, I'll provide another update, and let you know.  But for now, it is worth a look.  My concerns were implemented, and I think these are the things that others have mentioned as well.Monitoring the air around you should be a concern for all of us, I know at work they found one of the black molds and unfortunately the landlord is slow to want to clean up the problem.  At least now, I know what I was having problems with, is really true and not just my imagination.  When I felt like I was having problems with breathing, like I was missing oxygen, it turns out the CO2 levels are higher than they should be.  And when I've started sneezing, I can see the particulate count is up.*****************************************************************************************************************************************************I bought this to monitor the air quality at my office.  The idea behind this is that I'd leave it on and running, and connected to WIFI.  First night, after I left, I was unable to monitor it because it disconnected from WIFI.  So, I was out for 3 days and when I returned, I had to connect manually to the unit after I unplugged it and plugged it back in, at which time it reconnected to WIFI.While it was "offline" from the network, it does not buffer the info, so the past 24 hours of data was gone.  And as other reviewers have said, the app only gives you 24 hours of data then a new day erases the previous day....it is 2016, and apps can store countless months of data without even asking....why would you release a unit that monitors the air quality, with only 24 hours worth of logging?  I know, because it won't stay connected to WIFI for more than 8 hours (at the most).Other things I noticed is that the readings were mostly flat, other than carbon dioxide, which actually seemed to be higher than the other units I've tested.  I've noticed also that temp and humidity were not close to multiple other units that are similar in their readings.  So, do I trust the 4 other units that are giving similar readings, or this one, that is way off on humidity and temp?  What else is wrong?The look is cool and the hand crafted wood is a really nice touch; this reminds me of a vintage radio or speaker.  Very cool. But the love affair stops there, nothing else is worthy of spending money on this.  May not be what you want to hear, but I'm being honest.  The app needs serious work, and features, and the unit needs some real work to (1) stay connected to the network it is attached to and (2) to provide readings consistent with other devices (all diff. manuf.) that are telling me the same thing, while this is telling me something else.  You can decide if the masses are correct, or this is correct.
I have 3 units now so obviously I'm a huge fan.  With young children air quality has become extremely important to me.  Until I started using Awair I didnt realize how dusty my house was and the impact it was having on my children.  The unit is very easy to setup as it takes less than 5 minutes.  The information tiles Awair provides in their app  gives quick helpful advice.  I have 3 house plants now due to the benefits for my family.  Usually I do not leave product reviews but I'm a big believer in this product and its accuracy.  I checked it out by leaving two units in the same room and had identical readings.  Skeptical wife.  Their customer support was great also.  I had a question regarding how the unit works and they responded within a couple of hours.I would say this device is like a personal trainer for keeping your house clean and environment kid friendly.
Ends up being a box with a flashing reminder that it once again has been temporarily disconnected from our internet. If your internet connection cycles at all...this little thing disconnects, then takes 5 min to set back up. I know, 5 min, big deal...it is when it happens 10 times a day. Unless you have unbelievably strong wifi and 100% up time...this product will only test your patience, not your air quality.
This product has very solid production quality as good as iphone. very decent design that would contribute to your room interior. I have been using this product for couple of weeks in a baby room. I placed the unit near by my new borns' bed for monitoring environment, and overall I feel much more secured about the air conditions. air pollutions from things like cooking or over used heaters get caught right away, and it gives me a better sense on keeping better environments for my baby. my home is facing road sides, and opening windows for circulating air does not necessarily help indoor air stay fresh. it could be that someone was smoking outside, cars drove by emitted really bad wastes or some harmful chemicals got leaked etc.. when things like that happen this will warn me with details.I have been so far pretty happy with this as this gave me lot more relieve with baby room monitoring.
At first, when I learned about this product, I thought it was “a solution looking for a problem”. I travel a lot and don’t need a special device to tell me that I feel depressed when I go to cloudy Moscow and happy when I land in Costa Rica. I know the difference between air in New York and Colorado mountains.Then I thought: millions of people now are wearing activity trackers. Nutrition apps are hugely popular. But air we breathe is as important as how much we move or what we put on our plates. Especially, considering how many of us are affected by different allergies. So, I decided to give it a try.Pros:1.The setup process was fast and easy.2.I read the instructions, but wasn’t sure about the results I was getting. So I contacted the company’s customer service. They responded promptly and patiently answered all my questions.3.When I bought a Jawbone for my husband, he said that he had never paid as much attention to his nutrition and activity level before he started wearing it. The same is happening with Awair. Since I started using it, I’ve learned so much about the quality of air, how it influences our behavior and what can be done to improve it. It even motivated me to clean the house, finally !4.I like the cards with specific suggestions on the ways to solve air quality problems. Over the weekend, I learned a lot about different plants which are easy to care for but are very beneficial for increasing the humidity level and fighting dangerous toxins.So, in general, Awair is helping me to monitor the air I breathe and to try new solutions to improve my sense of well being.Suggested improvements:1.I’d really like to see a battery-powered version. I have a 5-bedroom house, and it is a little too pricy to buy a device for each room, so I have to unplug it, carry around and connect several times a day to check the data in different rooms.2.I’d like to see more information about most optimal scores: what should be a humidity level, temp., etc.3.When I changed the settings from “sleep” to “general”, without moving the device, the air score dropped 18% within 5 seconds. It would be useful to better understand how the settings influence the results.4.I’d like to see the graphs beyond just one day, so I could compare my mood and health with different scores (for example, I feel tired, when the temp. in the house rises above 75F, or my husband snores more when the humidity level in the bedroom drops below 25%).5.It would be great also to be able to see the graphs for different settings. For example, I set it for “productivity” in the morning in my office, but change to “sleep” when I go to bed in the evening.6.In the cards, when you suggest a solution to improve the air quality, it would be very useful to have hyperlinks to the Google search for these products, so I don’t have to type these strange names looking for information.7.It would be nice to have the Awair in different designs.8.I am really looking forward to future functionalities which would allow to connect Awair to other smart home devices.
I did not see any where that the WiFi component did supported 5 GHZ. Received it threw the box away and then found out...Now I cannot synq with the system  :-(. buyer be ware
Pros- easy to set up - took me less than 5 mins- cute design - not big and right size to have it in the living room- easy to read from device itself- measures well (as much as I can say)- trend charts helpfulCons- needs IFTTT asap (would be able to link it to my other IoT with unlimited possibilities, e.g. temperature low - switch on AC; particles high - switch on dust filter)- push notifications would be helpful but need be able to be customized (death by push notifications is not what I am looking for)- additional information in the app e.g. what are suggested ranges would be helpful
I have only had the device for a short time but I am in product love. I have asthma and allergies and currently live in one of the top 10 states for allergies. This device can advise adjust air scrubbers, humidifyers, open up windows on safe pollen days, etc. It keeps a log and record you can review with your physician. It is a very good product. I highly recommend. A second one is on its way for my office. Thank you.
Wow, just wow so many fake reviews on here so far
Works very well, and has a stylish unobtrusive look.
Not as smart as you think. Weak WIFI receiver.
Was given a Awair over Chinese New Years as a gift from a friend. This is one of the few leading "Internet-of-Things" that seeks to quantify our everyday lives and make us more aware of our surroundings. Having Awair around inadvertently makes my husband and I more conscious of the different factors affecting our apartment - ranging from the simple temperature, humidity, dust, to the more complex VOCs and and Co2s; it cultivated some good habits such as reinforcing us to open our windows after each meals we've cooked, or when to mopping and vacuuming the floor.I would say the App is useful but I rarely uses it to check for the details thus far (maybe once every 4, 5 days); I look forward to a further upgrades once Awair includes connectivity to other IOT devices such as Nest and iRobot, and our dehumidifier.Overall new innovative product that definitely changes the lives of people it touches.
Bought the device after reading the personal stories of founders in the 'About the Startup' section. Shortly it arrived in a really nice packaging, and setting up with an iPhone app was a breeze. The design is elegant, so it blends well with my other furniture. Sometimes I set it up in a clock mode when I don't really need to know my air quality. I was appalled at first to see a really low score (62), but soon learned how I could improve the air quality, and now it's around 82, and sometimes I see 92 Awair score when I let fresh air in the house. The best part is to being able to see the 'trend' on my mobile phone, sometimes when I am away from the house. The LED is visible from a distance even on a very sunny day, but isn't too bright to bother me when I sleep. All of my friends visiting ask about this nice looking device, so it's a great conversation starter as well.
Since I was young, I've dealt with breathing issues related to allergies and asthma. While I've gotten used to handling these problems as I've grown older, there are periodic flair-ups that can be quite debilitating: problems sleeping, coughing/sneezing, and light-headedness.For the first time, I feel like I have some sense of how the air I breathe is impacting my health; this is thanks to Awair.Being able to monitor changes in the state of my air allows me to anticipate what symptoms may be coming down the road and to make changes to prevent them: when I notice the humidity is dropping, I turn on my humidifier so my throat doesn't dry out; when dust is getting too prevalent, I vacuum; when the temperature is dropping too low too consistently, I turn up my thermostat.Overall, I feel like I actually have some control over what I'm bringing into my lungs.The Awair app also give some great ideas for how I can modify my home to improve my air quality: per the suggestion of the Awair app, adding certain kinds of plants to my home has helped scrub my air and helped me to feel like I'm breathing easier.There are certainly some shortcomings to Awair in its current state: it would be nice to be able to see historical data beyond a single day, I'd like to have more concrete interpretations and recommendations of my personal data, and the option to setup some kind of alert when various air elements fall into the "unhealthy" zone.However, knowing this product is in the early stages and seeing how responsive Bitfinder has already been to feedback, I have a lot of faith that Awair will continue to improve over time (over-the-air updates take all the pressure off of me as a customer, which is appreciated), making it a great investment (I should also mentioned it's one of the nicest looking objects in my bedroom!).
For the price of the Awair, I was expecting the box to focus on the real sources of pollution. Instead, VOC and Dust are not reacting to pollution occurencies, and only the CO2 working is moving. Even Netatmo, which is just a weather station, has more features and is less expensive.
Isn’t a smart device supposed to be connected to provide a smart service? The smart of the device is just a marketing concept. It keeps disconnecting from my router, and the data is lost after 8-12 hours of readings. As the front panel doesn’t let you read the sensors, it’s a catch22 situation with an app unable to display the disconnected device. So far, its only purpose is to be a path light!
There are so many connection failures that you wonder what expertise level it would take to getthis device up and running. The connection procedure is much too complicated for averageusers, as it is only professionals can manage it. However, at least, it can be used as a clock, but a rather expensive one with blurry LEDs
Awair from Bitfinder is a beautiful product.  It took just minutes to set up. It uses sensors to detect humidity, carbon dioxide, temperature, fine dust particles and volatile organic compounds in the air. Via wi-fi, the information is transferred from the device to your phone.The app is as gorgeous and simple as the product. It displays all the information for you on your phone in real-time.When I tested it in my home, it detected significant humidity, carbon dioxide, fine dust particles and volatile organic compounds. It gave my bedroom air quality a 72 out of 100, which is just okay.I have to admit. I was a bit skeptical. Is this really my air quality? How would I know if it were just making these numbers up. It could say anything.The next day, I had an idea. I’d open all the windows in my house and see how it affected the air quality. After 20 minutes, my rating went up from 72 to 97. Not quite 100, but darn close!This test proved to me that it actually does work as advertised. I’m now a believer, and I highly recommend you get Awair if you want to test your air quality. It also provides useful advice on improving the quality of your air to reduce allergens.Now I’m going to bring it to Founders Space to test the air quality there!
This is a beautiful elegant device that I never thought I'll use this much.I have two little son who always run around. One thing we found out using Awair is how much toxic chemical is made when cooking. We didn't really use the fan much before when cooking and having dinner all together but after having Awair in the kitchen area, we learned that the VOCs and Dust level doesn't come down unless you ventilate it really well and have the kitchen fan on for a while. It's a small change in life but I can only imagine how big of an impact it is for the long run.Another change we made is on my kid's room. My second son had a minor eczema and always scratched his skin. Once we learned that the humidity there was under 30%, we got a humidifier and his eczema became much better. We love placing it in the different places in the house and compare the data. Sometime we just use the clock mode and that works great as well. The only thing I can ask is longer timeline view and other insights report around my air quality.Overall, it's a well made eloquent device and one of my favorite products that I use every day.Thank you Awair team!
This turned out to be so much better than I first thought. It gives me the information and insights that I never really thought about before. One day the VOCs rose significantly for some reason and I told my mom to take a look at what is causing the issue. We realized that we need to do better ventilation when we do vacuum cleaning and cook the meal thanks to Awair. Now, my Awair score is mostly above 80 whereas before, it was often below 70. We also love the design. I don't want to put another thing in my house anymore but this fits with the kitchen table, bed table, and pretty much every places at our place. Simple, intuitive app and interface is something that I love as well. The set up process was extremely easy compare to any other smart devices that I've used before. The only thing I wish is if the device told me what the VOCs means. I would love to see the exact reading and the meaning behind it some places at the app.
Seems like a great product so far! I had a slight problem keeping it connected to their cloud server for about an hour,  but I think it was updating firmware.I hope they quickly integrate with Nest , IFTT and maybe Smartthings.
AMAZING when you actually set it up- very difficult to set up- extremely difficult to switch wi-fi routers & log on to the network- difficult time logging on to my own router- had to disconnect all my other devices so this was my only connection to the router- only then, i was able to the device to function- with that said, i almost stopped using it- our air quality was in the 60's- then i vacuumed and open our doors this afternoon- air quality increased to 89- when it is set up, it does work good but you almost have to be a tech genius to configure this.
Awair is not my first air quality monitor. I've used Netatmo Weather Station for Smartphone,BoxLink@ Broadlink A1 Smart Home Wireless Air Quality Detector Sensor E-air Home Automation System,Foobot, Indoor Air Quality Monitor and a few less capable sensors. I've received my units a few days ago, but so far it's the most positive experience I've had with "smart" air quality devices.Good:- Easy to set up. Just open the app and connect. No guest networks, no "oops, try again". It's the first unit in years that got connected the very first time I tried.- Great app. Let's confess: most connected devices are killed by mediocre software. In many cases software completely ruins the experience. Not in this case.- Elegant way to display major comfort-related data like temperature, humidity, VOC, CO2 and dust. It's not obvious, but once you get it you'll no longer need an app to check details.- An app provides really helpful context-related insights. Unlike Foobot's "let's play a stupid quiz" mode…- Does not spam you with notifications.- May work in a clock mode if you don't care much about details.Bad:- Oldschool radio-like appearance may not appeal to everyone. It's ok for me, but I prefer Foobot's hi-tech look.- Sensors are not the most accurate, even though they provide decent general picture.Overall:It's the first indoor air quality meter I've found to be really useful. Well worth the money.
This is a really compact full-featured air monitoring device.  I have not encountered an instrument of this size that assesses so many components of air quality.  Moreover, the ability to remotely access these readings and monitor trends is a real plus . The readout on the device itself is both clear and conveys a high tech style .And the price seems quite reasonable given that individual CO2 meters, VOC monitors, or particulate meters cost as much or quite a bit more. ( I know because I have a laboratory full of the stuff)I did run into a minor Wi-Fi connectivity glitch in setting the unit up initially ( Awair support was very helpful) but no other issues.One suggestion for improvement , however, would be to modify the app. to allow for correction based on calibration parameters. For instance I find that the CO2 readings are about 90ppm higher than a calibrated Testo 535... It would be useful to be allowed to make a corrective adjustment through the app. Perhaps a future update will allow this.Overall a nice device for the home environment.
Bought Awair directly from the manufacturer website.The device looks amazing and the concept is amazing. However, it has some basic limitations...1) Will not work with home wifi if your wifi is password protected via WPA2-PSK (password protected).2) Does not work with 5 GHz wifi ($199 product that doesn't support 5 GHz?... Even Amazon Echo supports 5 GHz)3) Even tried it with 2 different iPhone 6 Plus in hotspot mode (Verizon and AT&T). It would error out and say "The connect to Awair server failed"Returned for full refund.Customer Service was super friendly and tried their best (thanks Jenn).From CS:Hi XYZ,We support WPA2 -- it's the use of the pre-shared key that causes the compatibility the problem (referred to as WPA2-PSK).We are looking into the effort required/ user demand for WPA2-PSK support. We just started shipping our product last month, so things have been evolving quickly. It's definitely possible.Honestly, if at all possible, it's be great if you could try another stable wifi network to see if it works there or to try to see if it connects in a different setting, but I know that's asking a lot. If you'd like us to just return/replace it, please just say so. I'm very sorry I missed this router issue initially, especially when you gave me all the information I needed upfront. Just let us know what you're thinking!Best,Jenn--------------------------Update 02.04.2016Received a new replacement device. Tested with my iPhone 6 Plus hotspot and it works fine. Still doesn't work with my Asus RT-AC68W with 2.4 GHz enabled.Finally got to actually use the device and I think it's great. I use Samsung SmartThings v2 for home automation and security, and people who use SmartThings will know that the smart devices have temp sensors in them. So the features I use the most with Awair is humidity/CO2/VOCs/dust.Humidity: works great. i have another humidity monitor (AcuRite Humidity Monitor - http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0013BKDO8) to check. if humidity is low your overall Awair score drops. I have a humidifier so i turn that on and the score improves as humidity increasesCO2: works great. no real way to test this, but if it increase i usually open the window and bring in some "fresh" manhattan air. basically let's me know when i need to open the windowVOCs: no real way to test this, but still very usefulDust: works great. no real way for me to test this but the Awair is on top of my bed's headboard, which is pretty dusty. every time i move something on my headboard (magazine, glasses, etc.) the Dust level increases. very interesting.If Awair loses the wifi connection, it can't record historical data. Which seems odd. No temporary storage in the device perhaps?love the design. really great design. will keep updating here. thanks for reading.updated from 1 star to 3 stars.
Having this little guy in our bed room completely changed our life quality! I used to wake up with a stuffy nose and dry throat every morning not feeling fully rested and so did my 2 month old. well, It was still endurable for me to feel a little dry, but what troubled me the most was hearing snoring sound from my 2 month old every day and night not knowing the exact problem. I tried all sort of methods suggested by mama's blogs, but nothing was fixed. I asked my pediatrician about it, but it was never to the point where prescription was needed. And that's when Awair came into our life! Our bed room scored below 75 and would barely reach 80 whenever I open the window and sometimes it would even drop down to 60 something. (no wonder..)The major factors were VOC level and the humidity, which I didn't know how to improve.(for the humidity, I didn't want to use humidifier because I've heard some bad stories about it)  So I took the Awair's suggestion and it worked out perfectly! The suggestions were simple and easy to follow. It was nice because all of them are customized that fit exactly to my room condition. After all! I purchased the plant name 'Sansevieria', suggested by Awair and it is a complete life changer! From that day, my 2 month old has stopped snoring and making that sound that has troubled me for the past month and I wake up feeling fresh and well rested! Now our bed room scores around high 80 (when all three of us are in one room) to even 95. Wonderful product!!
I bought two of these, and was excited to use them in our home since I have allergies, unfortunately after a few weeks of trying to make them work I had to return both. The excellent packaging, beautiful design and slick marketing caught my attention but in real life use the units had a few major flaws. First, the temperature readings were all over the place and never accurate. Both units in the same room or different rooms showed reading that were always over what the actual temperature was (being measured by the thermostat), often they would give readings around 80 degrees when it was nowhere near that warm, this was a disappointment because it made it hard for me to trust the rest of the readings. Second the units only run on 2.4G wi-fi and do not have a very long wi-fi range, this doesn't work for us as we have to use 5G wi-fi in our house for faster speeds and less interference. When switching to 2.4 it wasn't worth the drop in internet speed and reliability. I will likely give the next round of these a shot but the first batch was an unfortunate disappointment.
Okey. I'm getting tired of constant wifi droppings. Sadly I can't use strong language to express what do I think of all these modern "developers", internet of things and other stupidness that is going around.So, sweethearts, if your device can ONLY work with wifi, be so kind to make it working STABLE.Why the heck it stops even indicating the levels with connection, WHY?We paid you 200$, and now you think that it's YOU who decide when MY device should work?The design is the only good thing about this toy.And yes, by the way, when we had a fire outside (the chemicals and colorants were burning), guess what, the Awair was absolutely calm, no significant changes in statistics, no warnings, nothing!And I had to leave my flat as I couldn't breathe, and I could return only 1 hour later the fire was stew.Awair CANNOT save you from something serious, it's a "dust level meter", it's useless and it's dangerous to rely on it as on a serious device.I am SO SO DISAPPOINTED.
Awair is one of the biggest surprises I've ever had. When you first think about it, you don't think it's very useful. After all, it's only 'tracking' the condition of air - no humidifier, air conditioner, or even ventilator connected. However, the fact that you get to "know" the air quality really changes everything. After all, our senses sometimes aren't accurate enough to grasp what's going on, especially whether the air just got 5% more humid, its CO2 level going up, or even the slight changes in temperature. With Awair, you get to see all of that in real time, with record tracked for an entire day. I realized how dry my house was and could boost up moisture through wet towels. I also learned that cooking steak in the house really harms the air quality a lot. So, with Awair, I changed certain habits, such as opening windows right after cooking. Do buy this product if you want better sleep or productivity. This will enhance your quality of life!
What a beautiful piece of gadget! It blends into your environment easily with the nicely finished wood frame yet it displays the essential information with the LED which is also not intrusive in your environment.I have it placed in my living room which is next to my kitchen, and I didn't realize how much the living room air quality gets worse until I had this device. I can easily see the score from my kitchen when I am cooking, and it always reminds me to ventilate. It gives me a peace of mind that it is always there to monitor the air, and it will become a habit. I had my friend borrow the device for a couple days and I really missed it when it was gone. It was like I was missing my pet.I would highly recommend this to anyone, not just for people suffering from asthma or any health issues but anyone will appreciate what this little piece of box can give you.
Before I received my Awair, I had doubts about its usefulness but after using it for over 2 weeks, I am convinced that it should be a fixture at every household.  The phone app provides easy instructions for installation even for an older person like myself.  The app also allows you to see your room air quality where ever you are.  You are probably thinking why anyone would look at their room air quality when you are not even there, but if you get an Awair, you will laugh thinking about what I just said after looking at your Awair app sitting at Starbucks.Anyway, what this product does is makes you want to and makes you take actions to improve the air quality in your house.  I am sure with all the technology improvements and so on, it will be linked to all your smart electronic gizmos very soon, but what is important is that you are aware of what you and your family are breathing in everyday at home, and you do little things to improve the numbers provided on Awair.  We ventilate our home everyday by opening windows in the morning, we spray water mist and hang wet towel to improve the humidity level, we have visited stores to find the right plant that improves CO2 level of our home.  You can do this even if you don't have Awair, but with Awair, you know exactly whether your actions are actually improving the air quality or not.  What I noticed with awair was that there is give and take to all of this, meaning if you open the window to improve the CO2 level, the humidity level nose dives.  If you spray too much cold water mist, the temperature goes down in your room and so on.  With this product, it eliminates all the guess work and let's you find the maximum level of air quality for your own home.  Needless to say, I am totally satisfied with my Awair, and hope many people try it.
One of the most surprisingly useful products you will buy.  First, the design is beautiful and will be a wonderful addition to any space in your home.  The white surface and the wooden finish will blend in and complement any space.  The functionality is something you can only appreciate once you buy the device and do your share of research on the effects of air quality on your every day life.  For me, being able to track humidity has done wonders as my skin gets dried out and gets itchy whenever the humidity level gets low in dry California weather.  I think Awair is doing a great job in helping us be more aware of our surroundings and our behaviors.  I would say that it's more beneficial than tracking our movement using Fitbit.
We recently bought the AWAIR right before Christmas and I love it. Something that surprised me was that in one room the air was really fresh and it was in the 90s. But in another room, it was in its 70s. In the other bedroom, there was very high VOC and if not for the AWAIR, we would have never known. Now we make sure to open the windows for that room. Also, my daughter kept on complaining about how her throat was always hurting in the morning. According to the AWAIR, there was very little humidity so we started hanging up wet towels in her room at night and now she doesn't complain anymore. It would be so cool if AWAIR was connected to our A/C control panel so that it would adjust it to what is best. Overall, I love this product and recommend everyone to get it!
Awair is an amazing product!I did not realize how dry my air becomes while using a space heater. My daughter has been coughing, and it was a good reminder that I should probably consider using humidifier in her room at night. I also did not realize how much VOC there is in the air after cooking! Now I am learning to open the window regularly so that I get fresh air.I agree with the previous comment that at least a weekly track of data would be nice.Awair really changed my perspectives of the living environment. Thank you! Can't wait to discover more on this product!
I've had Awair for about a week and a half and it definitely adds more granularity and insight to the air quality of the room. The value the product brings is also in its craftsmanship. Really adds a nice accent to the room. And instantly makes the decor seem chic/modern. Would be great if it had batteries though.
This is wonderful little device. Very nicely designed, and it works quite well (as long as you trust that measurements are correct). Setup was no problem (even using the recently released Android app).What I like:- clever LED display, which both looks cool, and provides all the needed overview information- auto-dim feature (LEDs either dim, or completely switch off based on amount of light in the room)- knock feature (double knock on top of the device shows alternate information on the LED display)- Both Android and iPhone apps have clean design and provide good daily overviewImprovements needed- Charting in the app is super-simple. At least weekly charts would be great.- Push notifications are missing- It would be great if there would be any information about the detected VOCs- IFTTT integration- And maybe ability to adjust target temperature in the room. I'm being constantly reminded, that my bedroom temperature is too low, which I don't think so (20°C are just fine for bedroom in my opinion)Despite all the improvements needed, I really like this thing, and I will most probably buy at least one more.
Occasionally, I felt dizzy and tired when I am watching television. I didn't know why. But, after installing Awair, I can see the quality of the air and had better knowledge of it. When I am feeling dizzy or tired, I can see the score from Awair is pretty low and I go and open the door. I think it is pretty important fact to improve the quality of not just me but also my family. It looks very pretty and fits with television and speaker.I gave 4 stars because1. invalid timezone. Seems that the app finds out where I am, but the clock seems incorrect.2. I do not know how to deal with VOCs, and the score changes a lot.
I think it is useful to a person who has a pet.
After a few hiccups with support and logging in we finally got the issue resolved and got my Awair up and running.The device is well built, and seems to be providing the correct data for our air quality. Apparently CO2 is off the charts but we will give it the night to adjust. I like the sleep function that senses the light and then turns completely off when you turn the lights out. It has a knock function that I haven't figured out yet but we will get there. It seems wifi range is a bit sketchy and I will provide an update after about a week of use.
The Awair is the highest quality product I've ever received from a startup. It delivered on time with all of the functionality the team promised and more. Beautiful design, packaging, setup, and a great complete experience so far. Within hours I discovered that my environment is super dry and that I need a humidifier. Excited to learn more as I live with it! Kudos to all involved!
Android users do not buy as the app does not exist! What a scam!
